capital = 847

oob = "ARG_2000"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "ARG_2000_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "ARG_2000_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 260
set_stability = 0.4

#add_namespace = {
#	name = "arg_unit_leader"
#	type = unit_leader
#}

set_country_flag = country_language_spanish

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons = 1
	rail_integration_system = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tandem_charge_warheads = 1
	squad_automatic_weapon = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	body_armor2 = 1
	camouflage = 1
	special_forces = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	
	
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	
	gen1_mbt = 1
	gen2_mbt = 1
	gen3_mbt = 1
	gen3_light = 1
	gen1_ifv = 1
	gen1_apc = 1
	
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	antitank = 1 
 	antitank1 = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	corvette1 = 1
	corvette2 = 1
	frigate1 = 1
	frigate2 = 1
	destroyer1 = 1
	destroyer2 = 1

	submarine1 = 1
	submarine2 = 1
	destroyer_improved_engines = 1
	destroyer_advanced_engines = 1
	cold_war_ship_design = 1
	
	gen2_attack = 1
	gen3_attack = 1
	gen2_multirole = 1
	gen3_multirole = 1
	gen4_multirole = 1
	gen2_mpa = 1
	gen3_mpa = 1
	gen4_mpa = 1
	gen3_bomber = 1
	modern_gen3_bomber = 1
	gen1_ucav = 1
	
	cold_war_engineering = 1
	radio = 1 
	radio_detection = 1
	modern_university_systems = 1
	internet = 1
	
	assembly_line = 1
	software1 = 1
	software2 = 1
	software3 = 1
	machine_tools1 = 1
	machine_tools2 = 1
	machine_tools3 = 1
	robotics1 = 1
	oil1 = 1
	oil2 = 1
	construction1 = 1
	manufacturing1 = 1
	excavation1 = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_steady
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = social_liberal
	last_election = "1999.12.10"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    islamist = 0.1
    nationalist = 1
    reactionary = 2
    conservative = 30.9
    market_liberal = 6
    social_liberal = 25
    social_democrat = 5
    progressive = 10
    democratic_socialist = 16
    communist = 4
}

add_opinion_modifier = {
	target = ENG
	modifier = falkland_conflict_argentina
}

recruit_character = ARG_alejandro_biondini
recruit_character = ARG_mauricio_macri
recruit_character = ARG_fernando_de_la_rua
recruit_character = ARG_margarita_stolbizer
recruit_character = ARG_antonio_bonfatti
recruit_character = ARG_jorge_altamira
recruit_character = ARG_diego_luis_suñer
recruit_character = ARG_bari_del_valle_sosa
recruit_character = ARG_enrique_victor_amrein
recruit_character = ARG_santiago_ferreyra
recruit_character = ARG_joaquín_estrada
recruit_character = ARG_agustin_cejas
recruit_character = ARG_alberto_corvalan
recruit_character = ARG_alberto_sigon
recruit_character = ARG_aldo_fernandez
recruit_character = ARG_aldo_sala
recruit_character = ARG_alejandro_martelletti
recruit_character = ARG_carlos_alfredo_pérez_aquino
recruit_character = ARG_carlos_nogueira
recruit_character = ARG_carlos_podio
recruit_character = ARG_carlos_sityar
recruit_character = ARG_claudio_gallardo
recruit_character = ARG_clemente_magallanes
recruit_character = ARG_daniel_eduardo_varela
recruit_character = ARG_claudio_ernesto_pasqualini
recruit_character = ARG_federico_sidders
recruit_character = ARG_fernando_mauricio_ros
recruit_character = ARG_gerardo_ferrara
recruit_character = ARG_german_monge
recruit_character = ARG_guillermo_pereda
recruit_character = ARG_guillermo_Ángel_tabernero
recruit_character = ARG_gustavo_booth
recruit_character = ARG_gustavo_luzuriaga
recruit_character = ARG_gustavo_planes
recruit_character = ARG_gustavo_vidal
recruit_character = ARG_héctor_horacio_prechi
recruit_character = ARG_hugo_gargano
recruit_character = ARG_hugo_leonard
recruit_character = ARG_javier_abregu
recruit_character = ARG_javier_aquino
recruit_character = ARG_jose_navarro
recruit_character = ARG_josé_antonio_saumell_robert
recruit_character = ARG_jose_stanchina
recruit_character = ARG_josé_luis_yofre
recruit_character = ARG_juan_antonio_zamora
recruit_character = ARG_juan_adrián_campitelli
recruit_character = ARG_juan_gettig
recruit_character = ARG_juan_paleo
recruit_character = ARG_juan_pulleiro
recruit_character = ARG_justo_treviranus
recruit_character = ARG_luis_ricciardi
recruit_character = ARG_maria_pansa
recruit_character = ARG_martin_deimundo
recruit_character = ARG_miguel_lugand
recruit_character = ARG_norberto_pastor
recruit_character = ARG_osvaldo_guardone
recruit_character = ARG_osvaldo_jose_suárez
recruit_character = ARG_sergio_santulario
recruit_character = ARG_tomas_moyano
recruit_character = ARG_bernardo_noziglia
recruit_character = ARG_cesar_recalde
recruit_character = ARG_dardo_difalco
recruit_character = ARG_david_burden
recruit_character = ARG_eduardo_bacchi
recruit_character = ARG_eduardo_malchiodi
recruit_character = ARG_eduardo_sancet
recruit_character = ARG_francisco_medrano
recruit_character = ARG_gabriel_gonzalez
recruit_character = ARG_german_arbizu
recruit_character = ARG_guillermo_cormick
recruit_character = ARG_gustavo_iglesias
recruit_character = ARG_gustavo_vignale
recruit_character = ARG_jorge_cisneros
recruit_character = ARG_jose_villan
recruit_character = ARG_luis_gottardo
recruit_character = ARG_luis_mazzeo
recruit_character = ARG_marcelo_eduardo_hipolito_srur
recruit_character = ARG_marcos_henson
recruit_character = ARG_maria_uriarte
recruit_character = ARG_miguel_Ángel_máscolo
recruit_character = ARG_oscar_pichel
recruit_character = ARG_oscar_vivas
recruit_character = ARG_osvaldo_vernazza
recruit_character = ARG_pedro_galardi
recruit_character = ARG_rafael_prieto
recruit_character = ARG_rodolfo_larrosa
recruit_character = ARG_zenon_bolino
recruit_character = ARG_esteban_yrigoyen
recruit_character = ARG_máximo_pereira
recruit_character = ARG_domingo_quintana
recruit_character = ARG_faustino_díaz
recruit_character = ARG_lorenzo_ellauri
recruit_character = ARG_nicolás_williman

2016.1.1 = {
	oob = "ARG_2016"
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = conservative
		last_election = "2015.12.10"
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Elisa Carrió"
		picture = "Elisa_Carrio.dds"
		ideology = liberalist
	}
}
