capital = 4

oob = "AUS_2000"

set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 50
set_stability = 0.6

set_country_flag = country_language_german

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons = 1
	rail_integration_system = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tandem_charge_warheads = 1
	squad_automatic_weapon = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	body_armor2 = 1
	camouflage = 1
	special_forces = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	
	
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	
	gen1_mbt = 1
	gen2_mbt = 1
	gen3_mbt = 1
	gen3_light = 1
	gen1_ifv = 1
	gen1_apc = 1
	
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	antitank1 = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	gen2_attack = 1
	gen3_attack = 1
	gen2_multirole = 1
	gen3_multirole = 1
	gen4_multirole = 1
	gen2_mpa = 1
	gen3_mpa = 1
	gen4_mpa = 1
	gen3_bomber = 1
	modern_gen3_bomber = 1
	gen1_ucav = 1
	
	cold_war_engineering = 1
	radio = 1 
	radio_detection = 1
	modern_university_systems = 1
	internet = 1
	
	assembly_line = 1
	software1 = 1
	software2 = 1
	software3 = 1
	machine_tools1 = 1
	machine_tools2 = 1
	machine_tools3 = 1
	robotics1 = 1
	oil1 = 1
	oil2 = 1
	construction1 = 1
	manufacturing1 = 1
	excavation1 = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_stagnation
	austrian_neutrality
	free_trade
	limited_conscription
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = social_democrat
	last_election = "1999.10.3"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    reactionary = 27
    conservative = 27
    market_liberal = 4
    social_democrat = 33
    progressive = 8
    communist = 1
}

recruit_character = AUS_viktor_klima
recruit_character = AUS_wolfgang_schüssel
recruit_character = AUS_susanne_riess
recruit_character = AUS_christian_köck
recruit_character = AUS_alexander_van_der_bellen
recruit_character = AUS_sonja_grusch
recruit_character = AUS_walter_baier
recruit_character = AUS_karl_ii
recruit_character = AUS_othmar_commenda
recruit_character = AUS_horst_hofer
recruit_character = AUS_jürgen_wörgötter
recruit_character = AUS_franz_reissner
recruit_character = AUS_dieter_heidecker
recruit_character = AUS_othmar_wohlkönig
recruit_character = AUS_heinrich_winkelmayer
recruit_character = AUS_gerhard_christiner
recruit_character = AUS_christian_platzner
recruit_character = AUS_karl_gruber
recruit_character = AUS_hermann_kaponig
recruit_character = AUS_rudolf_striedinger
recruit_character = AUS_edwin_potocnik
recruit_character = AUS_christian_habersatter
recruit_character = AUS_christian_riemer
recruit_character = AUS_peter_grünwald
recruit_character = AUS_maximilian_brendel
recruit_character = AUS_heinz_graf
recruit_character = AUS_heinrich_barkhorn
recruit_character = AUS_felix_hartmann

2002.1.1 = {
	add_ideas = the_euro
}

2012.10.17 = {
	set_party_name = {
		ideology = market_liberal
		long_name = AUS_market_liberal_party_2012_long
		name = AUS_market_liberal_party_2012
	}
}

2016.1.1 = {
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Christian Kern"
		picture = "Christian_Kern.dds"
		ideology = social_democrat_ideology
	}
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Reinhold Mitterlehner"
		picture = "Reinhold_Mitterlehner.dds"
		ideology = christian_democrat 
	}
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Heinz Christian Strache"
		picture = "Heinz_Christian_Strache.dds"
		ideology = counter_progressive_democrat
	}
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Matthias Strolz"
		picture = "Matthias_Strolz.dds"
		ideology = libertarian
	}
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Eva Glawischnig"
		picture = "Eva_Glawischnig.dds"
		ideology = green
	}
}