capital = 104

oob = "BOS_2000"

set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 20
set_stability = 0.4

set_country_flag = country_language_bosnian
set_country_flag = country_language_croatian
set_country_flag = country_language_serbian

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons = 1
	rail_integration_system = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tandem_charge_warheads = 1
	squad_automatic_weapon = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	body_armor2 = 1
	camouflage = 1
	special_forces = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	
	
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	
	gen1_mbt = 1
	gen2_mbt = 1
	gen3_mbt = 1
	gen3_light = 1
	gen1_ifv = 1
	gen1_apc = 1
	
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	antitank1 = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	destroyer1 = 1
	destroyer2 = 1
	submarine1 = 1
	submarine2 = 1
	destroyer_improved_engines = 1
	destroyer_advanced_engines = 1
	submarine_nuclear_reactor = 1
	cold_war_ship_design = 1
	
	gen2_attack = 1
	gen3_attack = 1
	gen2_multirole = 1
	gen3_multirole = 1
	gen4_multirole = 1
	gen2_mpa = 1
	gen3_mpa = 1
	gen4_mpa = 1
	gen3_bomber = 1
	modern_gen3_bomber = 1
	gen1_ucav = 1
	
	cold_war_engineering = 1
	radio = 1 
	radio_detection = 1
	modern_university_systems = 1
	internet = 1
	
	assembly_line = 1
	software1 = 1
	software2 = 1
	software3 = 1
	machine_tools1 = 1
	machine_tools2 = 1
	machine_tools3 = 1
	robotics1 = 1
	oil1 = 1
	oil2 = 1
	construction1 = 1
	manufacturing1 = 1
	excavation1 = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_decline
	limited_conscription
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = social_liberal
	last_election = "1998.12.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    islamist = 7
    nationalist = 1
    reactionary = 2
    conservative = 20
    market_liberal = 0
    social_liberal = 30
    social_democrat = 5
    progressive = 5
    democratic_socialist = 20
    communist = 10
}

recruit_character = BOS_alija_izetbegović
recruit_character = BOS_sefer_halilovic
recruit_character = BOS_anto_jeleč
recruit_character = BOS_mirko_tepšić
recruit_character = BOS_senad_mašović
recruit_character = BOS_dragan_vuković
recruit_character = BOS_husein_tursunović
recruit_character = BOS_mirsad_ahmić
recruit_character = BOS_ivica_jerkić
recruit_character = BOS_marko_stojčić
recruit_character = BOS_gojko_knežević
recruit_character = BOS_kenan_dautović
recruit_character = BOS_tomo_kolenda
recruit_character = BOS_radovan_ilić
recruit_character = BOS_enes_husejnović
recruit_character = BOS_amir_Čorbo
recruit_character = BOS_juraj_eltz
recruit_character = BOS_jero_alapic
recruit_character = BOS_franjo_pejacevic
recruit_character = BOS_kresimir_lasan
recruit_character = BOS_stjepan_draskovic
recruit_character = BOS_janko_vlasic
recruit_character = BOS_tomislav_njegovan
recruit_character = BOS_svetozar_njegovan
recruit_character = BOS_slavko_vakanovic
recruit_character = BOS_petar_bunic

2006.1.1 = {
	add_ideas = {
		volunteer_only
	}
}


2015.1.1 = {
	oob = "BOS_2016"
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Bakir Izetbegović"
		ideology = constitutionalist
		picture = "Bakir_Izetbegovic.dds"
	}
}

