capital = 109

oob = "CRO_2000"

set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 200
set_stability = 0.55

set_country_flag = country_language_croatian

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons = 1
	rail_integration_system = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tandem_charge_warheads = 1
	squad_automatic_weapon = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	body_armor2 = 1
	camouflage = 1
	special_forces = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	
	
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	
	gen1_mbt = 1
	gen2_mbt = 1
	gen3_mbt = 1
	gen3_light = 1
	gen1_ifv = 1
	gen1_apc = 1
	
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	antitank1 = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	destroyer1 = 1
	destroyer2 = 1



	submarine1 = 1
	submarine2 = 1
	destroyer_improved_engines = 1
	destroyer_advanced_engines = 1

	submarine_nuclear_reactor = 1
	cold_war_ship_design = 1
	
	gen2_attack = 1
	gen3_attack = 1
	gen2_multirole = 1
	gen3_multirole = 1
	gen4_multirole = 1
	gen2_mpa = 1
	gen3_mpa = 1
	gen4_mpa = 1
	gen3_bomber = 1
	modern_gen3_bomber = 1
	gen1_ucav = 1
	
	cold_war_engineering = 1
	radio = 1 
	radio_detection = 1
	modern_university_systems = 1
	internet = 1
	
	assembly_line = 1
	software1 = 1
	software2 = 1
	software3 = 1
	machine_tools1 = 1
	machine_tools2 = 1
	machine_tools3 = 1
	robotics1 = 1
	oil1 = 1
	oil2 = 1
	construction1 = 1
	manufacturing1 = 1
	excavation1 = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_decline
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = social_liberal
	last_election = "1997.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    islamist = 1
    nationalist = 1
    reactionary = 2
    conservative = 25
    market_liberal = 6
    social_liberal = 30
    social_democrat = 5
    progressive = 10
    democratic_socialist = 10
    communist = 10
}

recruit_character = CRO_stjepan_mesić
recruit_character = CRO_dragutin_lesar
recruit_character = CRO_jadranka_kosor
recruit_character = CRO_bozo_petrov
recruit_character = CRO_mirela_holy
recruit_character = CRO_vlado_busic
recruit_character = CRO_ruza_tomasic
recruit_character = CRO_davor_trbuha
recruit_character = CRO_mirko_Šundov
recruit_character = CRO_slavko_barić
recruit_character = CRO_mate_ostović
recruit_character = CRO_boris_Šerić
recruit_character = CRO_bozo_poljak
recruit_character = CRO_davor_petek
recruit_character = CRO_dominik_ban
recruit_character = CRO_drago_matanović
recruit_character = CRO_dražen_Šćuri
recruit_character = CRO_gordana_garašić
recruit_character = CRO_ivica_kinder
recruit_character = CRO_mato_matanović
recruit_character = CRO_mijo_kožić
recruit_character = CRO_miroslav_kovać
recruit_character = CRO_mladen_fuzul
recruit_character = CRO_niko_jurilj
recruit_character = CRO_slaven_zdilar
recruit_character = CRO_tihomir_zebeć
recruit_character = CRO_perica_turalija
recruit_character = CRO_zoran_bozović
recruit_character = CRO_zdravko_kardum
recruit_character = CRO_predrag_stipanović
recruit_character = CRO_robert_hranj
recruit_character = CRO_marin_stošić
recruit_character = CRO_slavko_preradovic
recruit_character = CRO_petar_alapic
recruit_character = CRO_toma_eltz
recruit_character = CRO_svetoslav_kabuzic

2007.1.1 = { add_ideas = { idea_eu_member } }

2015.1.1 = {
	oob = "CRO_2016"
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović"
		ideology = liberalist
		picture = "Kolinda_Grabar.dds"
	}
}