capital = 305

oob = "ECU_2000"

set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 100
set_stability = 0.45

set_country_flag = country_language_spanish
set_country_flag = country_language_quechua

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons = 1
	rail_integration_system = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tandem_charge_warheads = 1
	squad_automatic_weapon = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	body_armor2 = 1
	camouflage = 1
	special_forces = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	
	
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	
	gen1_mbt = 1
	gen2_mbt = 1
	gen3_mbt = 1
	gen3_light = 1
	gen1_ifv = 1
	gen1_apc = 1
	
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	antitank = 1 
 	antitank1 = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	destroyer1 = 1
	destroyer2 = 1
	submarine1 = 1
	submarine2 = 1
	destroyer_improved_engines = 1
	destroyer_advanced_engines = 1
	submarine_nuclear_reactor = 1
	cold_war_ship_design = 1
	
	gen2_attack = 1
	gen3_attack = 1
	gen2_multirole = 1
	gen3_multirole = 1
	gen4_multirole = 1
	gen2_mpa = 1
	gen3_mpa = 1
	gen4_mpa = 1
	gen3_bomber = 1
	modern_gen3_bomber = 1
	gen1_ucav = 1
	
	cold_war_engineering = 1
	radio = 1 
	radio_detection = 1
	modern_university_systems = 1
	internet = 1
	
	assembly_line = 1
	software1 = 1
	software2 = 1
	software3 = 1
	machine_tools1 = 1
	machine_tools2 = 1
	machine_tools3 = 1
	robotics1 = 1
	oil1 = 1
	oil2 = 1
	construction1 = 1
	manufacturing1 = 1
	excavation1 = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_steady
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = conservative
	last_election = "1997.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    islamist = 1
    nationalist = 1
    reactionary = 2
    conservative = 40
    market_liberal = 6
    social_liberal = 15
    social_democrat = 5
    progressive = 10
    democratic_socialist = 10
    communist = 10
}

recruit_character = ECU_gustavo_noboa
recruit_character = ECU_lucio_gutierrez
recruit_character = ECU_rafael_correa
recruit_character = ECU_guillermo_lasso
recruit_character = ECU_winston_alarcon_elizalde
recruit_character = ECU_leonardo_barreiro
recruit_character = ECU_césar_merizalde_pavón
recruit_character = ECU_edison_narváez_rosero
recruit_character = ECU_raúl_banderas_dueñas
recruit_character = ECU_william_orellana_carrera
recruit_character = ECU_roque_moreira
recruit_character = ECU_fabián_fuel
recruit_character = ECU_renán_ruíz_cornejo
recruit_character = ECU_amilcar_villavicencio
recruit_character = ECU_byron_jara_guerron
recruit_character = ECU_carlos_noboa_coronel
recruit_character = ECU_carlos_zumarraga_asanza
recruit_character = ECU_darwin_cisneros
recruit_character = ECU_fidel_erazo_jacome
recruit_character = ECU_francisco_bruque_veliz
recruit_character = ECU_galo_carrillo_moya
recruit_character = ECU_harold_salvador_cadena
recruit_character = ECU_jorge_echeverria_bucheli
recruit_character = ECU_marie_fares_cantos
recruit_character = ECU_ismael_baquedano
recruit_character = ECU_juan_francisco_toro
recruit_character = ECU_miguel_toro
recruit_character = ECU_manuel_valencia
recruit_character = ECU_diego_calvo
recruit_character = ECU_luis_campero
recruit_character = ECU_enrique_campero

2013.2.18 = {
	oob = "ECU_2016"
	set_politics = {	
		ruling_party = democratic_socialist
		last_election = "2013.2.17"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}

    set_popularities = {
        islamist = 1
        nationalist = 1
        reactionary = 2
        conservative = 10
        market_liberal = 6
        social_liberal = 15
        social_democrat = 5
        progressive = 10
        democratic_socialist = 40
        communist = 10
    }
}

2017.5.24 = {
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Lenin Moreno"
		ideology = democratic_socialist_ideology
		picture = "Lenin_Moreno.dds"
    }
}
