capital = 13

oob = "EST_2000"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "EST_2000_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "EST_2000_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 100
set_stability = 0.55

set_country_flag = country_language_estonian

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons = 1
	rail_integration_system = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tandem_charge_warheads = 1
	squad_automatic_weapon = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	body_armor2 = 1
	camouflage = 1
	special_forces = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	
	
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	
	gen1_mbt = 1
	gen2_mbt = 1
	gen3_mbt = 1
	gen3_light = 1
	gen1_ifv = 1
	gen1_apc = 1
	
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	antitank = 1 
 	antitank1 = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	corvette1 = 1
	corvette2 = 1
	frigate1 = 1
	frigate2 = 1
	destroyer1 = 1
	destroyer2 = 1



	submarine1 = 1
	submarine2 = 1
	destroyer_improved_engines = 1
	destroyer_advanced_engines = 1

	submarine_nuclear_reactor = 1
	cold_war_ship_design = 1
	
	gen2_attack = 1
	gen3_attack = 1
	gen2_multirole = 1
	gen3_multirole = 1
	gen4_multirole = 1
	gen2_mpa = 1
	gen3_mpa = 1
	gen4_mpa = 1
	gen3_bomber = 1
	modern_gen3_bomber = 1
	gen1_ucav = 1
	
	cold_war_engineering = 1
	radio = 1 
	radio_detection = 1
	modern_university_systems = 1
	internet = 1
	
	assembly_line = 1
	software1 = 1
	software2 = 1
	software3 = 1
	machine_tools1 = 1
	machine_tools2 = 1
	machine_tools3 = 1
	robotics1 = 1
	oil1 = 1
	oil2 = 1
	construction1 = 1
	manufacturing1 = 1
	excavation1 = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_decline
	limited_conscription
	EST_russian_minority
	EST_communist_party_banned
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = conservative
	last_election = "1999.5.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    nationalist = 3
    reactionary = 7
    conservative = 35
    market_liberal = 35
    social_liberal = 3
    social_democrat = 7
    progressive = 2
    democratic_socialist = 8
}

recruit_character = EST_mart_laar
recruit_character = EST_taavi_rõivas
recruit_character = EST_riho_terras
recruit_character = EST_indrek_sirel
recruit_character = EST_neeme_väli
recruit_character = EST_martin_herem
recruit_character = EST_veikovello_palm
recruit_character = EST_janno_märk
recruit_character = EST_arno_kruusmann
recruit_character = EST_arbo_probal
recruit_character = EST_priit_pikner
recruit_character = EST_sten_allik
recruit_character = EST_andré_lilleleht
recruit_character = EST_toomas_pindis
recruit_character = EST_eero_rebo
recruit_character = EST_roman_lukas
recruit_character = EST_riho_Ühtegi
recruit_character = EST_jaak_tarien
recruit_character = EST_meelis_kiili
recruit_character = EST_peeter_hoppe
recruit_character = EST_artur_tiganik
recruit_character = EST_aivar_kokka
recruit_character = EST_peeter_tali
recruit_character = EST_jüri_saska
recruit_character = EST_ain_pärna
recruit_character = EST_sten_sepper
recruit_character = EST_igor_schvede
recruit_character = EST_georg_Õkva
recruit_character = EST_olev_barbarus
recruit_character = EST_nigul_rei
recruit_character = EST_eerik_rei
recruit_character = EST_harri_lipping
recruit_character = EST_pent_adams
recruit_character = EST_paavo_anvel
recruit_character = EST_tarmo_barbarus
recruit_character = EST_olev_ränk
recruit_character = EST_sven_leppik

2002.1.1 = {
	add_ideas = the_euro
}

2004.1.1 = {
	add_ideas = {
		idea_eu_member
	}
}

2016.1.1 = {

	oob = "EST_2016"

	set_politics = {		
		ruling_party = market_liberal
		last_election = "2014.6.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}

    set_popularities = {
        nationalist = 3
        reactionary = 7
        conservative = 35
        market_liberal = 35
        social_liberal = 3
        social_democrat = 7
        progressive = 2
        democratic_socialist = 8
    }
}