capital = 7

oob = "HOL_2000"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "HOL_2000_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "HOL_2000_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 1000
set_stability = 0.7

set_country_flag = country_language_dutch

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons = 1
	rail_integration_system = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tandem_charge_warheads = 1
	squad_automatic_weapon = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	body_armor2 = 1
	camouflage = 1
	special_forces = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	
	
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	
	gen1_mbt = 1
	gen2_mbt = 1
	gen3_mbt = 1
	gen3_light = 1
	gen1_ifv = 1
	gen1_apc = 1
	
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	antitank1 = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	corvette1 = 1
	corvette2 = 1
	frigate1 = 1
	frigate2 = 1
	destroyer1 = 1
	destroyer2 = 1


	carrier1 = 1
	carrier2 = 1
	submarine1 = 1
	submarine2 = 1
	destroyer_improved_engines = 1
	destroyer_advanced_engines = 1
	cold_war_ship_design = 1
	
	gen2_attack = 1
	gen3_attack = 1
	gen2_multirole = 1
	gen3_multirole = 1
	gen4_multirole = 1
	
	gen2_mpa = 1
	gen3_mpa = 1
	gen4_mpa = 1
	gen3_bomber = 1
	modern_gen3_bomber = 1
	gen1_ucav = 1
	
	cold_war_engineering = 1
	radio = 1 
	radio_detection = 1
	modern_university_systems = 1
	internet = 1
	
	assembly_line = 1
	software1 = 1
	software2 = 1
	software3 = 1
	machine_tools1 = 1
	machine_tools2 = 1
	machine_tools3 = 1
	robotics1 = 1
	oil1 = 1
	oil2 = 1
	construction1 = 1
	manufacturing1 = 1
	excavation1 = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_stagnation
	idea_eu_member
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = social_democrat
	last_election = "1998.5.8"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    islamist = 0.1
    nationalist = 0.1
    reactionary = 7.7
    conservative = 16.4
    market_liberal = 22.3
    social_liberal = 11.3
    social_democrat = 29.40
    progressive = 7.5
    democratic_socialist = 5.1
    communist = 0.1
}

add_opinion_modifier = {
	target = GER
	modifier = german_dutch_military_cooperation
}

recruit_character = HOL_wim_kok
recruit_character = HOL_hans_dijkstal
recruit_character = HOL_beatrix
recruit_character = HOL_jaap_de_hoop_scheffer
recruit_character = HOL_els_borst
recruit_character = HOL_paul_rosenmöller
recruit_character = HOL_jan_marijnissen
recruit_character = HOL_constant_kusters
recruit_character = HOL_geert_wilders
recruit_character = HOL_alejandro_de_mello
recruit_character = HOL_tom_middendorp
recruit_character = HOL_leo_beulen
recruit_character = HOL_marc_van_uhm
recruit_character = HOL_rob_verkerk
recruit_character = HOL_matthieu_borsboom
recruit_character = HOL_peter_van_uhm
recruit_character = HOL_mark_van_uhm
recruit_character = HOL_dennis_luyt
recruit_character = HOL_richard_oppelaar
recruit_character = HOL_harry_van_den_brink
recruit_character = HOL_jan_broeks
recruit_character = HOL_rob_bertholee
recruit_character = HOL_leann_van_den_hoek
recruit_character = HOL_mart_de_kruif
recruit_character = HOL_hans_van_der_louw
recruit_character = HOL_ton_van_osch
recruit_character = HOL_richard_tieskens
recruit_character = HOL_martin_wijnen
recruit_character = HOL_jelte_groen
recruit_character = HOL_kees_matthijssen
recruit_character = HOL_gerard_koot
recruit_character = HOL_michiel_van_der_laan
recruit_character = HOL_ivo_de_jong
recruit_character = HOL_frank_van_sprang
recruit_character = HOL_nico_geerts
recruit_character = HOL_rob_bauer
recruit_character = HOL_ben_bekkering
recruit_character = HOL_hans_lodder
recruit_character = HOL_rob_kramer
recruit_character = HOL_govert_schippers
recruit_character = HOL_freek_van_zinnicq_bergmann


2002.1.1 = { add_ideas = the_euro }

2003.1.1 = {

	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Jan Paeter Balkenende"
		picture = "Jan_Paeter_Balkenende.dds"
		ideology = christian_democrat
	}

	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Wouter Bos"
		picture = "Wouter_Bos.dds"
		ideology = social_democrat_ideology
	}

	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Femke Halsema"
		picture = "Femke_Halsema.dds"
		ideology = green
	}

	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Thom de Graaf"
		picture = "Thom_de_Graaf.dds"
		ideology = liberalist
	}

	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Gerrit Zalm"
		picture = "Gerrit_Zalm.dds"
		ideology = libertarian
	}
	
}

2006.1.1 = {

	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Mark Rutte"
		picture = "Mark_Rutte.dds"
		ideology = libertarian
	}

	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Alexander Pechtold"
		picture = "Alexander_Pechtold.dds"
		ideology = liberalist
	}
	
}

2010.1.1 = {

	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Job Cohen"
		picture = "Job_Cohen.dds"
		ideology = social_democrat_ideology
	}

	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Emile Roemer"
		picture = "Emil_Roemer.dds"
		ideology = democratic_socialist_ideology
	}

	#create_country_leader = {
	#	name = "Kees van der Staaij"
	#	picture = "Kees_Staaij.dds"
	#	ideology = counter_progressive_democrat
	#}
}

2012.1.1 = {

	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Diederik Samsom"
		picture = "Diederik_Samsom.dds"
		ideology = social_democrat_ideology
	}

	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Sybrand van Haersma Buma"
		picture = "Sybrand_Buma.dds"
		ideology = christian_democrat
	}

	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Jolande Sap"
		picture = "Jolande_Sap.dds"
		ideology = green
	}
}

2013.4.30 = {
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Willem-Alexander"
		picture = "Willem_Alexander.dds"
		ideology = absolute_monarchist
	}
}

2016.1.1 = {
	oob = "HOL_2016"
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = market_liberal
		last_election = "2013.3.15"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
}

    set_popularities = {
        islamist = 0
        nationalist = 10
        reactionary = 2
        conservative = 12
        market_liberal = 27
        social_liberal = 8
        social_democrat = 26
        progressive = 5
        democratic_socialist = 10
        communist = 0
    }
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Lodewijk Asscher"
		picture = "Lodewijk_Asscher.dds"
		ideology = social_democrat_ideology
	}
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Jesse Klaver"
		picture = "Jesse_Klaver.dds"
		ideology = green
	}
}