capital = 454

oob = "ISR_2000"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "ISR_2000_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "ISR_2000_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 500
set_stability = 0.4
set_war_support = 0.7

set_country_flag = country_language_hebrew

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons = 1
	rail_integration_system = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tandem_charge_warheads = 1
	squad_automatic_weapon = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	body_armor2 = 1
	camouflage = 1
	special_forces = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	
	
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	
	gen1_mbt = 1
	gen2_mbt = 1
	gen3_mbt = 1
	gen3_light = 1
	gen1_ifv = 1
	gen1_apc = 1
	
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	antitank = 1 
 	antitank1 = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	corvette1 = 1
	corvette2 = 1

	submarine1 = 1
	submarine2 = 1
	destroyer_improved_engines = 1
	destroyer_advanced_engines = 1
	submarine_nuclear_reactor = 1
	cold_war_ship_design = 1
	
	gen2_attack = 1
	gen3_attack = 1
	gen2_multirole = 1
	gen3_multirole = 1
	gen4_multirole = 1
	gen2_mpa = 1
	gen3_mpa = 1
	gen4_mpa = 1
	gen3_bomber = 1
	modern_gen3_bomber = 1
	gen1_ucav = 1
	
	cold_war_engineering = 1
	radio = 1 
	radio_detection = 1
	modern_university_systems = 1
	internet = 1
	
	assembly_line = 1
	software1 = 1
	software2 = 1
	software3 = 1
	machine_tools1 = 1
	machine_tools2 = 1
	machine_tools3 = 1
	robotics1 = 1
	oil1 = 1
	oil2 = 1
	construction1 = 1
	manufacturing1 = 1
	excavation1 = 1
	
	atomic_research = 1
	nuclear_reactor = 1
	nukes = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_rapid
	idea_ISR_vanguard_of_judaism
	low_economic_mobilisation
	extensive_conscription
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = social_democrat
	last_election = "1998.6.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    islamist = 10
    nationalist = 3
    reactionary = 3
    conservative = 35
    social_democrat = 35
    market_liberal = 4
    communist = 10
}

add_opinion_modifier = {
	target = PER
	modifier = death_to_israel_ISR
}

add_opinion_modifier = {
	target = SYR
	modifier = death_to_israel_ISR
}

add_opinion_modifier = {
	target = LBA
	modifier = death_to_israel_ISR
}

recruit_character = ISR_ehud_barak
recruit_character = ISR_benjamin_netanyahu
recruit_character = ISR_aryeh_deri
recruit_character = ISR_rehavam_zeevi
recruit_character = ISR_dan_meridor
recruit_character = ISR_yosef_lapid
recruit_character = ISR_yossi_sarid
recruit_character = ISR_tawfik_toubi
recruit_character = ISR_abdulmalik_dehamshe
recruit_character = ISR_bentzi_gophstein
recruit_character = ISR_gabi_ashkenazi
recruit_character = ISR_benjamin_gantz
recruit_character = ISR_gadi_eizenkot
recruit_character = ISR_dan_harel
recruit_character = ISR_dani_halutz
recruit_character = ISR_yoav_galant
recruit_character = ISR_doron_almog
recruit_character = ISR_shaul_mofaz
recruit_character = ISR_moshe_yaalon
recruit_character = ISR_amir_eshel
recruit_character = ISR_yair_golan
recruit_character = ISR_amikam_norkin
recruit_character = ISR_hagai_topolansky
recruit_character = ISR_kobi_barak
recruit_character = ISR_aviv_kochavi
recruit_character = ISR_yoel_strik
recruit_character = ISR_itzik_turgeman
recruit_character = ISR_ghassan_alian
recruit_character = ISR_nadav_lotan
recruit_character = ISR_nitzan_alon
recruit_character = ISR_dan_goldfus
recruit_character = ISR_guy_hazut
recruit_character = ISR_nimrod_aloni
recruit_character = ISR_amir_baram
recruit_character = ISR_david_zini
recruit_character = ISR_lior_karmeli
recruit_character = ISR_amir_abulafia
recruit_character = ISR_moti_almoz
recruit_character = ISR_tamir_yadai
recruit_character = ISR_muni_katz
recruit_character = ISR_nadav_padan
recruit_character = ISR_eyal_zamir
recruit_character = ISR_amos_hacohen
recruit_character = ISR_mickey_edelstein
recruit_character = ISR_roi_elkabetz
recruit_character = ISR_eli_pollack
recruit_character = ISR_yaacov_shahrbani
recruit_character = ISR_shahar_sochat
recruit_character = ISR_eli_sharvit
recruit_character = ISR_ram_rothberg
recruit_character = ISR_dror_friedman
recruit_character = ISR_peter_roberts
recruit_character = ISR_jim_taylor
recruit_character = ISR_alexander_taylor

2016.1.1 = {
	oob = "ISR_2016"
	set_politics = {		
		ruling_party = conservative
		last_election = "2012.6.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}

    set_popularities = {
        islamist = 10
        nationalist = 3
        reactionary = 8
        conservative = 34
        social_democrat = 31
        market_liberal = 4
        communist = 10
    }
}