capital = 2

oob = "ITA_2000"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "ITA_2000_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "ITA_2000_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 600
set_stability = 0.5

set_country_flag = country_language_italian

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons = 1
	rail_integration_system = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tandem_charge_warheads = 1
	squad_automatic_weapon = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	body_armor2 = 1
	camouflage = 1
	special_forces = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	
	
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	
	gen1_mbt = 1
	gen2_mbt = 1
	gen3_mbt = 1
	gen3_light = 1
	gen1_ifv = 1
	gen1_apc = 1
	
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	antitank = 1 
 	antitank1 = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	corvette1 = 1
	corvette2 = 1
	frigate1 = 1
	frigate2 = 1
	carrier1 = 1
	carrier2 = 1
	destroyer1 = 1
	destroyer2 = 1

	missile_cruiser1 = 1
	missile_cruiser2 = 1
	submarine1 = 1
	submarine2 = 1
	destroyer_improved_engines = 1
	destroyer_advanced_engines = 1
	cold_war_ship_design = 1
	
	gen2_attack = 1
	gen3_attack = 1
	gen2_multirole = 1
	gen3_multirole = 1
	gen4_multirole = 1
	
	gen2_mpa = 1
	gen3_mpa = 1
	gen4_mpa = 1
	gen3_bomber = 1
	modern_gen3_bomber = 1
	gen1_ucav = 1
	
	cold_war_engineering = 1
	radio = 1 
	radio_detection = 1
	modern_university_systems = 1
	internet = 1
	
	assembly_line = 1
	software1 = 1
	software2 = 1
	software3 = 1
	machine_tools1 = 1
	machine_tools2 = 1
	machine_tools3 = 1
	robotics1 = 1
	oil1 = 1
	oil2 = 1
	construction1 = 1
	manufacturing1 = 1
	excavation1 = 1
}

give_guarantee = HLS
give_guarantee = SAM
give_guarantee = MLT

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_stagnation
	idea_eu_member
	ITA_mafia
	ITA_corruption
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = social_democrat
	last_election = "1996.4.21"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    islamist = 0
    fascist = 2
    nationalist = 0
    reactionary = 5
    conservative = 37
    market_liberal = 2
    social_liberal = 5
    social_democrat = 38
    progressive = 2
    democratic_socialist = 2
    communist = 7
}

recruit_character = ITA_silvio_berlusconi
recruit_character = ITA_massimo_dalema
recruit_character = ITA_gianfranco_fini
recruit_character = ITA_fausto_bertinotti
recruit_character = ITA_pierluigi_castagnetti
recruit_character = ITA_franco_corleone
recruit_character = ITA_pino_rauti
recruit_character = ITA_marco_panella
recruit_character = ITA_vittorio_emanuele_iv
recruit_character = ITA_umberto_bossi
recruit_character = ITA_francesco_rutelli
recruit_character = ITA_claudio_graziano
recruit_character = ITA_claudio_mora
recruit_character = ITA_pietro_serino
recruit_character = ITA_leonardo_di_marco
recruit_character = ITA_riccardo_marchiò
recruit_character = ITA_danilo_errico
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_francavilla
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_volatto
recruit_character = ITA_fabrizio_castagnetti
recruit_character = ITA_filiberto_cecchi
recruit_character = ITA_biagio_abrate
recruit_character = ITA_stefano_mannino
recruit_character = ITA_bruno_stano
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_francesco_de_leverano
recruit_character = ITA_amedeo_sperotto
recruit_character = ITA_marcello_bellacicco
recruit_character = ITA_luca_felicissimo
recruit_character = ITA_marco_bertolini
recruit_character = ITA_paolo_fortezza
recruit_character = ITA_alessandro_grassano
recruit_character = ITA_alberto_primicerj
recruit_character = ITA_antonio_vittiglio
recruit_character = ITA_antonino_poma
recruit_character = ITA_gianpaolo_mirra
recruit_character = ITA_gianluca_carai
recruit_character = ITA_maurizio_settesoldi
recruit_character = ITA_nicola_terzano
recruit_character = ITA_federico_bonato
recruit_character = ITA_paolo_fabbri
recruit_character = ITA_allessandro_scano
recruit_character = ITA_stefano_santoro
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_musti
recruit_character = ITA_aldo_mezzalana
recruit_character = ITA_gianluigi_de_matteis
recruit_character = ITA_maurizio_scardino
recruit_character = ITA_marco_piacentini
recruit_character = ITA_andrea_di_stasio
recruit_character = ITA_gianfranco_lauria_pantano
recruit_character = ITA_roberto_perretti
recruit_character = ITA_roberto_vannacci
recruit_character = ITA_aurelio_tassi
recruit_character = ITA_carlo_di_pasquale
recruit_character = ITA_ugo_cillo
recruit_character = ITA_massimiliano_stecca
recruit_character = ITA_antonello_vespeziani
recruit_character = ITA_stefano_angioni
recruit_character = ITA_giovanni_rossitto
recruit_character = ITA_agostino_biancafarini
recruit_character = ITA_salvatore_camporeale
recruit_character = ITA_enzo_vecciarelli
recruit_character = ITA_tullio_del_sette
recruit_character = ITA_vincenzo_coppola
recruit_character = ITA_giorgio_toschi
recruit_character = ITA_filippo_ritondale
recruit_character = ITA_gabriele_lupini
recruit_character = ITA_valter_girardelli
recruit_character = ITA_vincenzo_melone
recruit_character = ITA_paolo_pezzuti
recruit_character = ITA_donato_marzano
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_de_giorgi
recruit_character = ITA_stefano_tortora
recruit_character = ITA_enrico_mascia
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_binelli_mantelli
recruit_character = ITA_giampaolo_di_paola
recruit_character = ITA_felicio_angrisano
recruit_character = ITA_cesare_giardino

2001.1.1 = {
	complete_national_focus = ITA_diplomatic_focus
	complete_national_focus = ITA_strenghten_ties_with_west
	complete_national_focus = ITA_befriend_america
	complete_national_focus = ITA_befriend_europeans
	
	complete_national_focus = ITA_industrial_focus
	complete_national_focus = ITA_north_italian_dev
	complete_national_focus = ITA_south_italian_dev
	complete_national_focus = ITA_islands_dev
	complete_national_focus = ITA_north_infrastructure
	
	complete_national_focus = ITA_ideology_focus
	complete_national_focus = ITA_what_we_are
	
	complete_national_focus = ITA_military_focus
	complete_national_focus = ITA_army_focus
	complete_national_focus = ITA_navy_focus
	complete_national_focus = ITA_air_focus
}

2002.1.1 = {
	add_ideas = the_euro
}

2012.1.1 = {
	set_party_name = {
		ideology = democratic_socialist
		long_name = ITA_democratic_socialist_party_SEL_long
		name = ITA_democratic_socialist_party_SEL
	}
	set_party_name = {
		ideology = social_liberal
		long_name = ITA_social_liberal_party_NCD_long
		name = ITA_social_liberal_party_NCD
	}
	set_party_name = {
		ideology = reactionary
		long_name = ITA_reactionary_party_M5S_long
		name = ITA_reactionary_party_M5S
	}
	set_party_name = {
		ideology = social_democrat
		long_name = ITA_social_democrat_party_PD_long
		name = ITA_social_democrat_party_PD
	}
	set_party_name = {
		ideology = communist
		long_name = ITA_communist_party_PCI_long
		name = ITA_communist_party_PCI
	}
	set_party_name = {
		ideology = nationalist
		long_name = ITA_nationalist_party_FDI_long
		name = ITA_nationalist_party_FDI
	}
}

2013.2.24 = {
	
	set_politics = {		
		ruling_party = social_democrat
		last_election = "2013.2.24"
		election_frequency = 60
		elections_allowed = yes
	}

    set_popularities = {
        islamist = 0
        fascist = 0
        nationalist = 1
        reactionary = 27
        conservative = 30
        monarchist = 1
        social_liberal = 10
        social_democrat = 32
        progressive = 0
        democratic_socialist = 0
        communist = 1
    }
	
	create_country_leader = {                    #Leader of NCD
		name = "Angelino Alfano"
		picture = "Angelino_Aldano.dds"
		ideology = liberalist
	}

	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Beppe Grillo"
		picture = "Beppe_Grillo.dds"
		ideology = counter_progressive_democrat
	}
	
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Nichi Vendola"
		picture = "Nichi_Vendola.dds"
		ideology = democratic_socialist_ideology
	}
	    
	create_country_leader = {
	    name = "Giorgia Meloni"
	    picture = "Giorgia_Meloni.dds"
	    ideology = proto_fascist
    }

	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Angelo Bonelli"
		picture = "Angelo_Bonelli.dds"
		ideology = green
	}
	
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Simone di Stefano"
		picture = "Simone_di_Stefano.dds"
		ideology = fascist_ideology
	}
	
}

2014.1.1 = {
	oob = "ITA_2016"
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Matteo Renzi"
		picture = "Matteo_Renzi.dds"
		ideology = social_democrat_ideology
	}
}