capital = 282

oob = "JAP_2000"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "JAP_2000_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "JAP_2000_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_research_slots = 5
set_convoys = 800
set_stability = 0.8

set_country_flag = country_language_japanese

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons = 1
	rail_integration_system = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tandem_charge_warheads = 1
	squad_automatic_weapon = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	body_armor2 = 1
	camouflage = 1
	special_forces = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	
	
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	
	gen1_mbt = 1
	gen2_mbt = 1
	gen3_mbt = 1
	gen3_light = 1
	gen1_ifv = 1
	gen1_apc = 1
	
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	antitank1 = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	destroyer1 = 1
	destroyer2 = 1


	corvette1 = 1
	corvette2 = 1
	frigate1 = 1
	frigate2 = 1
	submarine1 = 1
	submarine2 = 1
	destroyer_improved_engines = 1
	destroyer_advanced_engines = 1
	cold_war_ship_design = 1
	
	gen2_attack = 1
	gen3_attack = 1
	gen2_multirole = 1
	gen3_multirole = 1
	gen4_multirole = 1
	gen2_mpa = 1
	gen3_mpa = 1
	gen4_mpa = 1
	gen3_bomber = 1
	modern_gen3_bomber = 1
	gen1_ucav = 1
	
	cold_war_engineering = 1
	radio = 1 
	radio_detection = 1
	modern_university_systems = 1
	internet = 1
	
	assembly_line = 1
	software1 = 1
	software2 = 1
	software3 = 1
	machine_tools1 = 1
	machine_tools2 = 1
	machine_tools3 = 1
	robotics1 = 1
	oil1 = 1
	oil2 = 1
	construction1 = 1
	manufacturing1 = 1
	excavation1 = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_decline
	free_trade
	idea_JAP_emperor_akihito
	japanese_article_9
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = conservative
	last_election = "1998.7.12"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    reactionary = 10
    conservative = 50
    market_liberal = 5
    social_liberal = 20
    social_democrat = 5
    communist = 10
}

recruit_character = JAP_keizo_obuchi
recruit_character = JAP_naoto_kan
recruit_character = JAP_ichiro_ozawa
recruit_character = JAP_takenori_kanzaki
recruit_character = JAP_tetsuzo_fuwa
recruit_character = JAP_takako_doi
recruit_character = JAP_yuko_mori
recruit_character = JAP_keiko_itokazu
recruit_character = JAP_noboyuki_suzuki
recruit_character = JAP_kyoko_nakayama
recruit_character = JAP_akihito
recruit_character = JAP_kiyofumi_iwata
recruit_character = JAP_toshiya_okabe
recruit_character = JAP_makiya_ota
recruit_character = JAP_kazuaki_sumida
recruit_character = JAP_takayuki_onozuka
recruit_character = JAP_jiro_hiroe
recruit_character = JAP_ichiro_kawasaki
recruit_character = JAP_masahiro_nagai
recruit_character = JAP_shigeru_kobayashi
recruit_character = JAP_katsutoshi_kawano
recruit_character = JAP_tomohisa_takei
recruit_character = JAP_yoshihisa_inui
recruit_character = JAP_takashi_nishimura
recruit_character = JAP_keiji_akahoshi
recruit_character = JAP_gonnohyoe_kawakami

2001.1.1 = {
	complete_national_focus = JAP_develop_honshu
	complete_national_focus = JAP_develop_kyushu
	
	complete_national_focus = JAP_national_renewal
	complete_national_focus = JAP_path_of_peace
	complete_national_focus = JAP_national_industrial_project
	complete_national_focus = JAP_political_renewal
	complete_national_focus = JAP_adapt_article_9
	
	complete_national_focus = JAP_bushido
	complete_national_focus = JAP_continental_campaigns
	complete_national_focus = JAP_ocean_campaigns
	complete_national_focus = JAP_air_force_focus
	
	complete_national_focus = JAP_finish_nishiseto
	complete_national_focus = JAP_southern_expressways
	complete_national_focus = JAP_northern_expressways
	
	complete_national_focus = JAP_new_trade_policy
	complete_national_focus = JAP_trade_with_america
	complete_national_focus = JAP_trade_with_south_korea
}

2010.1.1 = {
	set_party_name = {
		ideology = market_liberal
		long_name = JAP_market_liberal_party_IfO_long
		name = JAP_market_liberal_party_IfO
	}
}

2013.1.1 = { 
	set_politics = {		
		ruling_party = conservative
		last_election = "2013.7.21"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}

    set_popularities = {
        nationalist = 3
        reactionary = 8
        conservative = 47
        social_democrat = 2
        social_liberal = 25
        market_liberal = 7
        progressive = 2
        democratic_socialist = 1
        communist = 5
    }

	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Shinzo Abe"
		ideology = fiscal_conservative
		picture = "Shinzo_Abe.dds"
	}

	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Banri Kaieda"
		picture = "Banri_Kaieda.dds"
		ideology = liberalist
	}

	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Tadamato Yoshida"
		picture = "Tadamato_Yoshida.dds"
		ideology = social_democrat_ideology
	}

	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Natsuo Yamaguchi"
		picture = "Natsuo_Yamaguchi.dds"
		ideology = counter_progressive_democrat
	}

	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Kazuo Shii"
		picture = "Kazuo_Shii.dds"
		ideology = marxist
	}

	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Toru Hashimoto"
		picture = "Toru_Hashimoto.dds"
		ideology = libertarian
	}

}
