capital = 590

oob = "KAZ_2000"

set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 25
set_stability = 0.4

set_country_flag = country_language_kazakh
set_country_flag = country_language_russian

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons = 1
	rail_integration_system = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tandem_charge_warheads = 1
	squad_automatic_weapon = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	body_armor2 = 1
	camouflage = 1
	special_forces = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	
	
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	
	gen1_mbt = 1
	gen2_mbt = 1
	gen3_mbt = 1
	gen3_light = 1
	gen1_ifv = 1
	gen1_apc = 1
	
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	antitank1 = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1

	
	gen2_attack = 1
	gen3_attack = 1
	gen2_multirole = 1
	gen3_multirole = 1
	gen4_multirole = 1
	gen2_mpa = 1
	gen3_mpa = 1
	gen4_mpa = 1
	gen3_bomber = 1
	modern_gen3_bomber = 1
	gen1_ucav = 1
	
	cold_war_engineering = 1
	radio = 1 
	radio_detection = 1
	modern_university_systems = 1
	internet = 1
	
	assembly_line = 1
	software1 = 1
	software2 = 1
	software3 = 1
	machine_tools1 = 1
	machine_tools2 = 1
	machine_tools3 = 1
	robotics1 = 1
	oil1 = 1
	oil2 = 1
	construction1 = 1
	manufacturing1 = 1
	excavation1 = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_steady
	limited_conscription
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = reactionary
	last_election = "1997.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
    reactionary = 50
    conservative = 28
    social_democrat = 8
    communist = 8
    islamist = 6
}

recruit_character = KAZ_kassymjomart_tokayev
recruit_character = KAZ_saken_zhasuzakov
recruit_character = KAZ_murat_maykeev
recruit_character = KAZ_okas_saparov
recruit_character = KAZ_talgat_zhanzhumenov
recruit_character = KAZ_talgat_muhtarov
recruit_character = KAZ_murat_bektanov
recruit_character = KAZ_nurlan_ormanbetov
recruit_character = KAZ_nurlan_kashaganov
recruit_character = KAZ_daulet_ospanov
recruit_character = KAZ_marat_husainov
recruit_character = KAZ_zhandarbek_zhanzakov
recruit_character = KAZ_bob_white
recruit_character = KAZ_john_roberts
recruit_character = KAZ_peter_taylor
recruit_character = KAZ_jim_taylor
recruit_character = KAZ_alexander_jones
recruit_character = KAZ_lucas_jones
recruit_character = KAZ_johannes_williams
recruit_character = KAZ_bob_williams
recruit_character = KAZ_jonas_walker
recruit_character = KAZ_alex_smith
recruit_character = KAZ_johannes_smith

2010.1.1 = {
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Karim Massimov"
		picture = "Karim_Massimov.dds"
		ideology = oligarchist
	}
}