capital = 767

oob = "NGR_2000"

set_research_slots = 2
set_convoys = 260
set_stability = 0.15

set_country_flag = country_language_english
set_country_flag = country_language_hausa
set_country_flag = country_language_yoruba
set_country_flag = country_language_igbo

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons = 1
	rail_integration_system = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tandem_charge_warheads = 1
	squad_automatic_weapon = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	body_armor2 = 1
	camouflage = 1
	special_forces = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	
	
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	
	gen1_mbt = 1
	gen2_mbt = 1
	gen3_mbt = 1
	gen3_light = 1
	gen1_ifv = 1
	gen1_apc = 1
	
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	antitank1 = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	destroyer1 = 1
	destroyer2 = 1
	submarine1 = 1
	submarine2 = 1
	destroyer_improved_engines = 1
	destroyer_advanced_engines = 1
	submarine_nuclear_reactor = 1
	cold_war_ship_design = 1
	
	gen2_attack = 1
	gen3_attack = 1
	gen2_multirole = 1
	gen3_multirole = 1
	gen4_multirole = 1
	gen2_mpa = 1
	gen3_mpa = 1
	gen4_mpa = 1
	gen3_bomber = 1
	modern_gen3_bomber = 1
	gen1_ucav = 1
	
	cold_war_engineering = 1
	radio = 1 
	radio_detection = 1
	modern_university_systems = 1
	internet = 1
	
	assembly_line = 1
	software1 = 1
	software2 = 1
	software3 = 1
	machine_tools1 = 1
	machine_tools2 = 1
	machine_tools3 = 1
	robotics1 = 1
	oil1 = 1
	oil2 = 1
	construction1 = 1
	manufacturing1 = 1
	excavation1 = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_explosion
	african_union_member
	commonwealth_of_nations_member
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = conservative
	last_election = "1999.2.20"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    islamist = 2
    fascist = 0
    nationalist = 2
    reactionary = 20
    conservative = 49
    market_liberal = 0
    social_liberal = 3
    social_democrat = 3
    progressive = 15
    democratic_socialist = 0
    communist = 6
}

recruit_character = NGR_goodluck_jonathan
recruit_character = NGR_muhammadu_buhari
recruit_character = NGR_okey_nwosu
recruit_character = NGR_adebisi_akande
recruit_character = NGR_joseph_avazi
recruit_character = NGR_segun_sango
recruit_character = NGR_alhaji_abdulkadir_abdulsalam
recruit_character = NGR_tanko_yinusa
recruit_character = NGR_abubakar_shekau
recruit_character = NGR_t.y._buratai
recruit_character = NGR_k.t.j._minimah
recruit_character = NGR_a._oyebade
recruit_character = NGR_c.m._abraham
recruit_character = NGR_p.j._dauke
recruit_character = NGR_e.o._udoh
recruit_character = NGR_v.o._ezugwu
recruit_character = NGR_e.b._oyefolu
recruit_character = NGR_a.b._abubakar
recruit_character = NGR_m.a._koleoso
recruit_character = NGR_s._abubakar
recruit_character = NGR_kenneth_minimah
recruit_character = NGR_martin_luther_agwai
recruit_character = NGR_abayomi_olonisakin
recruit_character = NGR_abdulrahman_bello_dambazau
recruit_character = NGR_alexander_ogomudia
recruit_character = NGR_andrew_azazi
recruit_character = NGR_turker_yusuf_buratai
recruit_character = NGR_d._j._ezeoba
recruit_character = NGR_ishaya_ibrahim
recruit_character = NGR_u._o._jibrin
recruit_character = NGR_i.e._ibas
recruit_character = NGR_u.o._jibrin
recruit_character = NGR_lucas_roberts
recruit_character = NGR_alexander_taylor
recruit_character = NGR_alexander_williams


2014.1.1 = { add_stability = 0.05 }

2015.3.28 = {
	oob = "NGR_2016"
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = social_liberal
		last_election = "2015.3.28"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}

    set_popularities = {
        islamist = 18
        fascist = 4
        nationalist = 0
        reactionary = 2
        conservative = 30
        market_liberal = 2
        social_liberal = 40
        social_democrat = 4
        progressive = 0
        democratic_socialist = 0
        communist = 0
    }
}