capital = 10

oob = "POL_2000"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "POL_2000_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "POL_2000_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 120
set_stability = 0.4

set_country_flag = country_language_polish

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons = 1
	rail_integration_system = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tandem_charge_warheads = 1
	squad_automatic_weapon = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	body_armor2 = 1
	camouflage = 1
	special_forces = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	motorized_rocket_unit = 1
	
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	
	gen1_mbt = 1
	gen2_mbt = 1
	gen3_mbt = 1
	gen3_light = 1
	gen1_ifv = 1
	gen1_apc = 1
	
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	antitank = 1 
 	antitank1 = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	corvette1 = 1
	corvette2 = 1
	frigate1 = 1
	frigate2 = 1
	destroyer1 = 1
	destroyer2 = 1
	destroyer3 = 1

	submarine1 = 1
	submarine2 = 1
	destroyer_improved_engines = 1
	destroyer_advanced_engines = 1

	submarine_nuclear_reactor = 1
	submarine_cold_war_torpedo = 1
	cold_war_ship_design = 1
	
	gen2_attack = 1
	gen3_attack = 1
	gen2_multirole = 1
	gen3_multirole = 1
	gen4_multirole = 1
	gen2_mpa = 1
	gen3_mpa = 1
	gen4_mpa = 1
	gen3_bomber = 1
	modern_gen3_bomber = 1
	gen1_ucav = 1
	
	cold_war_engineering = 1
	radio = 1 
	radio_detection = 1
	modern_university_systems = 1
	internet = 1
	
	assembly_line = 1
	software1 = 1
	software2 = 1
	software3 = 1
	machine_tools1 = 1
	machine_tools2 = 1
	machine_tools3 = 1
	robotics1 = 1
	oil1 = 1
	oil2 = 1
	construction1 = 1
	manufacturing1 = 1
	excavation1 = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_steady
	limited_conscription
	free_trade
	visegrad_group_member
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = social_democrat
	last_election = "1997.9.21"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	social_democrat = 34
	conservative = 25
	progressive = 5
	social_liberal = 9
	democratic_socialist = 9
	market_liberal = 2
	reactionary = 8
	communist = 7
	nationalist = 0.5
	fascist = 0.3
	monarchist = 0.2
}
	
add_opinion_modifier = {
	target = CZE
	modifier = visegrad_group
}

add_opinion_modifier = {
	target = HUN
	modifier = visegrad_group
	modifier = declaration_of_friendship
}
add_opinion_modifier = {
	target = SLO
	modifier = visegrad_group
}

2004.1.1 = { add_ideas = { idea_eu_member } }
2008.1.1 = { add_ideas = { volunteer_only } }

recruit_character = POL_waldemar_pawlak
recruit_character = POL_boleslaw_tejkowski
recruit_character = POL_regent_leszek_wierzchowski
recruit_character = POL_witold_balazak
recruit_character = POL_jaroslaw_kaczynski
recruit_character = POL_wladyslaw_frasyniuk
recruit_character = POL_bronislaw_komorowski
recruit_character = POL_janusz_korwinmikke
recruit_character = POL_bronislaw_geremek
recruit_character = POL_marian_krzaklewski
recruit_character = POL_aleksander_kwasniewski
recruit_character = POL_andrzej_lepper
recruit_character = POL_marian_kowalski
recruit_character = POL_marek_tomaszycki
recruit_character = POL_czeslaw_piatas
recruit_character = POL_franciszek_gagor
recruit_character = POL_mieczyslaw_bieniek
recruit_character = POL_mieczyslaw_gocul
recruit_character = POL_bronislaw_kwiatkowski
recruit_character = POL_mieczyslaw_cieniuch
recruit_character = POL_andrzej_korweta
recruit_character = POL_roman_krzyżelewski
recruit_character = POL_tomasz_mathera
recruit_character = POL_leszek_surawski
recruit_character = POL_zbigniew_głowienka
recruit_character = POL_michał_sikora
recruit_character = POL_jarosław_mika
recruit_character = POL_stanisław_czosnek
recruit_character = POL_rajmund_andrzejczak
recruit_character = POL_andrzej_malinowski
recruit_character = POL_marek_sokołowski
recruit_character = POL_grzegorz_hałupka
recruit_character = POL_ryszard_pietras
recruit_character = POL_stanisław_kaczyński
recruit_character = POL_dariusz_Żuchowski
recruit_character = POL_sławomir_mąkosa
recruit_character = POL_szymon_lepiarz
recruit_character = POL_marek_golan
recruit_character = POL_marcin_maj
recruit_character = POL_jacek_kwiatkowski
recruit_character = POL_bogdan_kula
recruit_character = POL_lech_majewski
recruit_character = POL_sławomir_kałuziński
recruit_character = POL_sławomir_wojciechowski
recruit_character = POL_piotr_patalong
recruit_character = POL_jerzy_gut
recruit_character = POL_wiesław_kukuła
recruit_character = POL_michał_strzelecki
recruit_character = POL_ryszard_demczuk
recruit_character = POL_krzysztof_teryfter
recruit_character = POL_krzysztof_jaworski
recruit_character = POL_stanisław_zarychta
recruit_character = POL_krzysztof_zdonek
recruit_character = POL_tadeusz_drybczewski
recruit_character = POL_zbigniew_lewandowski

2001.6.13 = {
	set_party_name = {
		ideology = conservative
		long_name = POL_conservative_party_PiS_long
		name = POL_conservative_party_PiS
	}
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Lech Kaczynski"
		picture = "Lech_Kaczynski.dds"
		ideology = fiscal_conservative
		expire = "2015.1.1"
	}
}

2015.1.1 = {
	set_party_name = {
		ideology = reactionary
		long_name = POL_reactionary_party_Kukiz_long
		name = POL_reactionary_party_Kukiz
	}
	set_party_name = {
		ideology = progressive
		long_name = POL_progressive_party_Nowoczesna_long
		name = POL_progressive_party_Nowoczesna
	}
	set_party_name = {
	ideology = communist
	long_name = POL_communist_party_RAZEM_long
	name =  POL_communist_party_RAZEM
	}
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Ryszard Petru"
		picture = "Ryszard_Petru.dds"
		ideology = green
		expire = "2050.1.1"
	}
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Andrzej Duda"
		picture = "Andrzej_Duda.dds"
		ideology = fiscal_conservative
		expire = "2050.1.1"
	}
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Pawel Kukiz"
		picture = "Pawel_Kukiz.dds"
		ideology = counter_progressive_democrat
		expire = "2050.1.1"
	}
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Adrian Zandberg"
		picture = "Adrian_Zandberg.dds"
		ideology = marxist
		expire = "2050.1.1"
	}
}

2015.11.1 = {
	
	oob = "POL_2016"
	
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = conservative
		last_election = "2015.10.25"
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	
	set_popularities = {
			conservative = 37
			social_liberal = 24
			reactionary = 9
			progressive = 7.5
			democratic_socialist = 5
			market_liberal = 5
			social_democrat = 7
			nationalist = 2
			communist = 3
			fascist = 0.3
			monarchist = 0.2
		}
}

##Tanks
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "T-55AM Merida" 
	type = modern_tank_equipment_1 
	upgrades = {
		tank_armor_upgrade = 2
		tank_gun_upgrade = 3
		tank_reliability_upgrade = 2
		tank_engine_upgrade = 3
	}
	obsolete = yes
}
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "T-72M1" 
	type = modern_tank_equipment_2 
	upgrades = {
		tank_armor_upgrade = 3
		tank_gun_upgrade = 4
		tank_reliability_upgrade = 3
		tank_engine_upgrade = 4
	}
	obsolete = yes
}

##asf
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "MiG-21MF"
	type = fighter_equipment_1
	upgrades = {
		plane_gun_upgrade = 3
		plane_range_upgrade = 1
		plane_engine_upgrade = 3
		plane_reliability_upgrade = 3 
	}
	obsolete = yes
}
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "MiG-21bis"
	type = fighter_equipment_1
	upgrades = {
		plane_gun_upgrade = 4
		plane_range_upgrade = 1  
		plane_engine_upgrade = 4
		plane_reliability_upgrade = 4
	}
	obsolete = yes
}
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "MiG-29A"
	type = fighter_equipment_3
	upgrades = {
		plane_gun_upgrade = 0
		plane_range_upgrade = 0  
		plane_engine_upgrade = 0
		plane_reliability_upgrade = 2
	}
}
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "SU-22M4"
	type = CAS_equipment_2
	upgrades = {
		plane_cas_upgrade = 3
		plane_range_upgrade = 0
		plane_engine_upgrade = 5
		plane_reliability_upgrade = 5 
	}
}
2016.1.1 = {

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "F16-C/D Block 52+"
		type = fighter_equipment_4
		upgrades = {
			plane_gun_upgrade = 2
			plane_range_upgrade = 0  
			plane_engine_upgrade = 5
			plane_reliability_upgrade = 5
		}
	}

	add_political_power = 200
	complete_national_focus = generic_industrial_focus
	complete_national_focus = generic_political_focus
	complete_national_focus = generic_ideology_focus
	complete_national_focus = generic_army_focus
	complete_national_focus = generic_army_training_1
	complete_national_focus = generic_army_training_2
	complete_national_focus = generic_air_focus
	complete_national_focus = generic_naval_focus
	complete_national_focus = generic_small_ship_program
	complete_national_focus = generic_naval_training_1
	complete_national_focus = generic_internal_politics
	complete_national_focus = generic_foreign_politics
	complete_national_focus = generic_recruit_more_diplomats
	complete_national_focus = generic_recruit_more_administrators
	complete_national_focus = generic_demographic_studies
	
	set_technology = {
		gen4.5_multirole = 1
		delay = 1
		elastic_defence = 1
		dive_bombing = 1
		trade_interdiction = 1
	}
}