capital = 141	

oob = "SWE_2000"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "SWE_2000_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "SWE_2000_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 140
set_stability = 0.55

set_country_flag = country_language_swedish

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons = 1
	rail_integration_system = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tandem_charge_warheads = 1
	squad_automatic_weapon = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	body_armor2 = 1
	camouflage = 1
	special_forces = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	
	
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	
	gen1_mbt = 1
	gen2_mbt = 1
	gen3_mbt = 1
	gen3_light = 1
	gen1_ifv = 1
	gen1_apc = 1
	
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	antitank1 = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	destroyer1 = 1
	destroyer2 = 1

	corvette1 = 1
	corvette2 = 1

	submarine1 = 1
	submarine2 = 1
	destroyer_improved_engines = 1
	destroyer_advanced_engines = 1
	submarine_nuclear_reactor = 1
	cold_war_ship_design = 1
	
	gen2_attack = 1
	gen3_attack = 1
	gen2_multirole = 1
	gen3_multirole = 1
	gen4_multirole = 1
	
	gen2_mpa = 1
	gen3_mpa = 1
	gen4_mpa = 1
	gen3_bomber = 1
	modern_gen3_bomber = 1
	gen1_ucav = 1
	
	cold_war_engineering = 1
	radio = 1 
	radio_detection = 1
	modern_university_systems = 1
	internet = 1
	
	assembly_line = 1
	software1 = 1
	software2 = 1
	software3 = 1
	machine_tools1 = 1
	machine_tools2 = 1
	machine_tools3 = 1
	robotics1 = 1
	oil1 = 1
	oil2 = 1
	construction1 = 1
	manufacturing1 = 1
	excavation1 = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_stagnation
	neutrality_idea
}

#Date is inaccurate, the country flag is the most important part
1998.1.1 = {
	set_country_flag = european_union_member_state
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = social_democrat
	last_election = "1998.9.20"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    reactionary = 2
    conservative = 12
    market_liberal = 23
    social_liberal = 9
    social_democrat = 37
    progressive = 4
    democratic_socialist = 12
    communist = 1
}

recruit_character = SWE_göran_persson
recruit_character = SWE_carl_xvi
recruit_character = SWE_daniel_höglund
recruit_character = SWE_mikael_jansson
recruit_character = SWE_anders_steen
recruit_character = SWE_alf_svensson
recruit_character = SWE_bo_lundgren
recruit_character = SWE_lars_leijonborg
recruit_character = SWE_lotta_hedström
recruit_character = SWE_gudrun_schyman
recruit_character = SWE_rolf_hagel
recruit_character = SWE_abdirizak_waberi
recruit_character = SWE_karl_engelbrektson
recruit_character = SWE_micael_bydén
recruit_character = SWE_anders_brännström
recruit_character = SWE_berndt_grundevik
recruit_character = SWE_anders_silwer
recruit_character = SWE_christer_tistam
recruit_character = SWE_michael_nilsson
recruit_character = SWE_mikael_frisell
recruit_character = SWE_patrik_ahlgren
recruit_character = SWE_stefan_andersson
recruit_character = SWE_teddy_larsson
recruit_character = SWE_roland_ekenberg
recruit_character = SWE_peder_ohlsson
recruit_character = SWE_fredrik_stahlberg
recruit_character = SWE_jan_demarkesse
recruit_character = SWE_johan_pekkari
recruit_character = SWE_mats_helgeson
recruit_character = SWE_anders_svensson
recruit_character = SWE_bengt_alexandersson
recruit_character = SWE_carl_magnus_r._svensson
recruit_character = SWE_dag_lidén
recruit_character = SWE_dennis_gyllensporre
recruit_character = SWE_jonas_lotsne
recruit_character = SWE_lars_karlsson
recruit_character = SWE_mathias_holmqvist
recruit_character = SWE_mattias_hanson
recruit_character = SWE_michael_ginér
recruit_character = SWE_nils_johansson
recruit_character = SWE_patrik_hjorth
recruit_character = SWE_stefan_fredriksson
recruit_character = SWE_stefan_pettersson
recruit_character = SWE_stefan_sandborg
recruit_character = SWE_stefan_smedman
recruit_character = SWE_bengt_lundgren
recruit_character = SWE_eva_skoog_haslum
recruit_character = SWE_jonas_hagren
recruit_character = SWE_lena_hallin
recruit_character = SWE_jens_nykvist
recruit_character = SWE_erik_andersson
recruit_character = SWE_jan_thörnqvist
recruit_character = SWE_mats_agnéus
recruit_character = SWE_anders_olovsson

2002.1.1 = {
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Maria Wetterstrand and Peter Eriksson"
		picture = "Maria_och_Peter.dds"
		ideology = green
	}
}


2003.1.1 = {
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Ulla Hoffmann"
		picture = "Ulla_Hoffman.dds"
		ideology = democratic_socialist_ideology
	}
	
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Fredrik Reinfeldt"
		picture = "Fredrik_Reinfeldt.dds"
		ideology = libertarian
	}
}

2004.1.1 = {
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Lars Ohly"
		picture = "Lars_Ohly.dds"
		ideology = democratic_socialist_ideology
	}
	
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Göran Hägglund"
		picture = "Goran_Hagglund.dds"
		ideology = christian_democrat
	}
}

2005.1.1 = {
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Jimmie Åkesson"
		picture = "Jimmie_Akesson.dds"
		ideology = counter_progressive_democrat
	}
}

2005.11.1 = {
	set_party_name = {
		ideology = social_liberal
		long_name = "Liberalerna"
		name = "L"
	}
}

2007.1.11 = {
	set_party_name = {
		ideology = fascist
		long_name = SWE_fascist_party_SvP_long
		name = SWE_fascist_party_SvP
	}
	
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Jan Björklund"
		picture = "Jan_Bjorklund.dds"
		ideology = liberalist
	}	
	
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Mona Sahlin"
		picture = "Mona_Sahlin.dds"
		ideology = social_democrat_ideology
	}	
}

2011.1.1 = {
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Annie Lööf"
		picture = "Annie_Loof.dds"
		ideology = centrist
	}
	
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Åsa Romson and Gustav Fridolin"
		picture = "Asa_and_Gustav.dds"
		ideology = green
	}
	
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Håkan Juholt"
		picture = "Hakan_Juholt.dds"
		ideology = social_democrat_ideology
	}	
}
	
2012.1.1 = {
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Jonas Sjöstedt"
		picture = "Jonas_Sjostedt.dds"
		ideology = democratic_socialist_ideology
	}
	
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Stefan Löfven"
		picture = "Stefan_Lofven.dds"
		ideology = social_democrat_ideology
	}
}
	
2015.1.1 = {
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Ebba Busch Thor"
		picture = "Ebba_Busch_Thor.dds"
		ideology = christian_democrat
	}
	
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Anna Kinberg Batra"
		picture = "Anna_Kinberg_Batra.dds"
		ideology = libertarian
	}
}

2016.1.1 = {
	oob = "SWE_2016"
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Lövin and Fridolin"
		picture = "Isabella_and_Gustav.dds"
		ideology = green
	}
	set_politics = {	
		ruling_party = social_democrat
		last_election = "2014.9.14"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
}

    set_popularities = {
        nationalist = 1
        reactionary = 14
        conservative = 6
        market_liberal = 24
        social_liberal = 6
        social_democrat = 32
        progressive = 8
        democratic_socialist = 7
        communist = 2
    }
}