capital = 151

oob = "SWI_2000"

set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 10
set_stability = 0.85

set_country_flag = country_language_german
set_country_flag = country_language_french
set_country_flag = country_language_italian
set_country_flag = country_language_romansh

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons = 1
	rail_integration_system = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tandem_charge_warheads = 1
	squad_automatic_weapon = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	body_armor2 = 1
	camouflage = 1
	special_forces = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	
	
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	
	gen1_mbt = 1
	gen2_mbt = 1
	gen3_mbt = 1
	gen3_light = 1
	gen1_ifv = 1
	gen1_apc = 1
	
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	antitank1 = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1

	
	gen2_attack = 1
	gen3_attack = 1
	gen2_multirole = 1
	gen3_multirole = 1
	gen4_multirole = 1
	gen2_mpa = 1
	gen3_mpa = 1
	gen4_mpa = 1
	gen3_bomber = 1
	modern_gen3_bomber = 1
	gen1_ucav = 1
	
	cold_war_engineering = 1
	radio = 1 
	radio_detection = 1
	modern_university_systems = 1
	internet = 1
	
	assembly_line = 1
	software1 = 1
	software2 = 1
	software3 = 1
	machine_tools1 = 1
	machine_tools2 = 1
	machine_tools3 = 1
	robotics1 = 1
	oil1 = 1
	oil2 = 1
	construction1 = 1
	manufacturing1 = 1
	excavation1 = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_decline
	swiss_political_system
	neutrality_idea
	free_trade
	limited_conscription
}

give_guarantee = LIC

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = reactionary
	last_election = "1999.9.24"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    islamist = 0
    nationalist = 2
    reactionary = 30.8
    conservative = 2
    market_liberal = 19.9
    social_liberal = 15.8
    social_democrat = 22.5
    progressive = 5
    democratic_socialist = 2
    communist = 0
}

recruit_character = SWI_adolf_ogi
recruit_character = SWI_rudolf_keller
recruit_character = SWI_johann_schneiderammann
recruit_character = SWI_doris_leuthard
recruit_character = SWI_moritz_leuenberger
recruit_character = SWI_dominic_luthard
recruit_character = SWI_josef_zisyadis
recruit_character = SWI_marianne_huguenin
recruit_character = SWI_ruth_genner
recruit_character = SWI_philippe_rebord
recruit_character = SWI_andré_blattmann
recruit_character = SWI_aldo_c._schellenberg
recruit_character = SWI_jeanpaul_theler
recruit_character = SWI_thomas_kaiser
recruit_character = SWI_daniel_keller
recruit_character = SWI_willy_brülisauer
recruit_character = SWI_peter_baumgartner
recruit_character = SWI_hans_schori
recruit_character = SWI_laurent_michaud
recruit_character = SWI_raynald_droz
recruit_character = SWI_alain_vuitel
recruit_character = SWI_fredy_keller
recruit_character = SWI_hans_schatzmann
recruit_character = SWI_claude_meier
recruit_character = SWI_franz_nager
recruit_character = SWI_daniel_baumgartner
recruit_character = SWI_rené_wellinger
recruit_character = SWI_yvon_langel
recruit_character = SWI_mathias_tüscher
recruit_character = SWI_alexander_kohli
recruit_character = SWI_martin_vögeli
recruit_character = SWI_maurizio_dattrino
recruit_character = SWI_erik_labara
recruit_character = SWI_roland_favre
recruit_character = SWI_hanspeter_walser
recruit_character = SWI_lucas_caduff
recruit_character = SWI_hanspeter_kellerhals
recruit_character = SWI_dominique_andrey
recruit_character = SWI_adolf_von_steiger
recruit_character = SWI_louis_munzinger
recruit_character = SWI_louis_funk

2001.1.1 = {
	complete_national_focus = SWI_strengthen_the_government
	complete_national_focus = SWI_join_the_united_nations
	complete_national_focus = SWI_economic_independence
	complete_national_focus = SWI_join_schengen
	complete_national_focus = SWI_additional_military_facilities
	complete_national_focus = SWI_strengthen_the_fdfa
	complete_national_focus = SWI_strengthen_the_fdha
	
	complete_national_focus = SWI_the_cern_project
	complete_national_focus = SWI_the_large_hadron_collider
	complete_national_focus = SWI_geneva_industrial_project
	
	complete_national_focus = SWI_military_expansion
}

2015.9.18 = {
	oob = "SWI_2016"

	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = market_liberal
		last_election = "2015.9.18"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
}

    set_popularities = {
        nationalist = 1.2
        reactionary = 29.4
        conservative = 9.9
        market_liberal = 16.4
        social_liberal = 11.6
        social_democrat = 18.8
        progressive = 11.7
        democratic_socialist = 1
    }
	
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Albert Rosti"
		picture = "Albert_Rosti.dds"
		ideology = counter_progressive_democrat
	}
}