capital = 546

oob = "TNZ_2000"

set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 300
set_stability = 0.25

set_country_flag = country_language_swahili
set_country_flag = country_language_english

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons = 1
	rail_integration_system = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tandem_charge_warheads = 1
	squad_automatic_weapon = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	body_armor2 = 1
	camouflage = 1
	special_forces = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	
	
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	
	gen1_mbt = 1
	gen2_mbt = 1
	gen3_mbt = 1
	gen3_light = 1
	gen1_ifv = 1
	gen1_apc = 1
	
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	antitank1 = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	destroyer1 = 1
	destroyer2 = 1
	submarine1 = 1
	submarine2 = 1
	destroyer_improved_engines = 1
	destroyer_advanced_engines = 1
	submarine_nuclear_reactor = 1
	cold_war_ship_design = 1
	
	gen2_attack = 1
	gen3_attack = 1
	gen2_multirole = 1
	gen3_multirole = 1
	gen4_multirole = 1
	gen2_mpa = 1
	gen3_mpa = 1
	gen4_mpa = 1
	gen3_bomber = 1
	modern_gen3_bomber = 1
	gen1_ucav = 1
	
	cold_war_engineering = 1
	radio = 1 
	radio_detection = 1
	modern_university_systems = 1
	internet = 1
	
	assembly_line = 1
	software1 = 1
	software2 = 1
	software3 = 1
	machine_tools1 = 1
	machine_tools2 = 1
	machine_tools3 = 1
	robotics1 = 1
	oil1 = 1
	oil2 = 1
	construction1 = 1
	manufacturing1 = 1
	excavation1 = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_rapid
	african_union_member
	commonwealth_of_nations_member
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = progressive
	last_election = "1995.11.29"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    islamist = 0
    fascist = 0
    nationalist = 0
    reactionary = 0
    conservative = 10
    market_liberal = 0
    social_liberal = 5
    social_democrat = 25
    progressive = 60
    democratic_socialist = 0
    communist = 0
}

recruit_character = TNZ_benjamin_mkapa
recruit_character = TNZ_augustine_mrema
recruit_character = TNZ_ibrahim_lipumba
recruit_character = TNZ_freeman_mbowe
recruit_character = TNZ_zitto_kabwe
recruit_character = TNZ_christopher_mtikila
recruit_character = TNZ_augusto_mrema
recruit_character = TNZ_davis_mwamunyange
recruit_character = TNZ_venance_mabeyo
recruit_character = TNZ_james_mwakibolwa
recruit_character = TNZ_shabani_laswai
recruit_character = TNZ_venance_salvatory_mabeyo
recruit_character = TNZ_ramadhan_abdul_kimweri
recruit_character = TNZ_gaudence_milanzi
recruit_character = TNZ_jairos_mwaseba
recruit_character = TNZ_aaron_robert_lukyaa
recruit_character = TNZ_samuel_albert_ndomba
recruit_character = TNZ_charles_lawrence_mkakala
recruit_character = TNZ_salum_mustafa_kijuu
recruit_character = TNZ_raphael_mugoya_muhuga
recruit_character = TNZ_jackson_king_mrema
recruit_character = TNZ_sara_thomas_rwambali
recruit_character = TNZ_clemence_quadrates_kahama
recruit_character = TNZ_hamis_issa_majumba
recruit_character = TNZ_saleh_omar_semtua
recruit_character = TNZ_ezra_wilson_ndimgwango
recruit_character = TNZ_joseph_cosmas_chengelela
recruit_character = TNZ_joseph_furaha_kapwani
recruit_character = TNZ_william_ingram
recruit_character = TNZ_michael_isamuhyo
recruit_character = TNZ_paul_ignace_mella
recruit_character = TNZ_wynjones_kisamba
recruit_character = TNZ_rogastian_shaaban_laswai
recruit_character = TNZ_alex_jones
recruit_character = TNZ_johannes_smith
recruit_character = TNZ_jonas_brown
recruit_character = TNZ_jim_evans
recruit_character = TNZ_alexander_evans


2015.10.25 = {
	oob = "TNZ_2016"
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = progressive
		last_election = "2015.10.25"
		election_frequency = 60
		elections_allowed = yes
	}

    set_popularities = {
        conservative = 30
        social_liberal = 10
        social_democrat = 5
        progressive = 55
    }
	
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "John Magufuli"
		picture = "John_Magufuli.dds"
		ideology = progressive_ideology
	}
	
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Edward Lowassa"
		picture = "Edward_Lowassa.dds"
		ideology = fiscal_conservative
	}
}