capital = 206

oob = "BLR_2000"

set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 10
set_stability = 0.45

set_country_flag = country_language_belarusian
set_country_flag = country_language_russian

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons = 1
	rail_integration_system = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tandem_charge_warheads = 1
	squad_automatic_weapon = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	body_armor2 = 1
	camouflage = 1
	special_forces = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	
	
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	
	gen1_mbt = 1
	gen2_mbt = 1
	gen3_mbt = 1
	gen3_light = 1
	gen1_ifv = 1
	gen1_apc = 1
	
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	antitank = 1 
 	antitank1 = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1

	
	gen2_attack = 1
	gen3_attack = 1
	gen2_multirole = 1
	gen3_multirole = 1
	gen4_multirole = 1
	
	gen2_mpa = 1
	gen3_mpa = 1
	gen4_mpa = 1
	gen3_bomber = 1
	modern_gen3_bomber = 1
	gen1_ucav = 1
	
	cold_war_engineering = 1
	radio = 1 
	radio_detection = 1
	modern_university_systems = 1
	internet = 1
	
	assembly_line = 1
	software1 = 1
	software2 = 1
	software3 = 1
	machine_tools1 = 1
	machine_tools2 = 1
	machine_tools3 = 1
	robotics1 = 1
	oil1 = 1
	oil2 = 1
	construction1 = 1
	manufacturing1 = 1
	excavation1 = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_decline
	limited_conscription
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = reactionary
	last_election = "1997.1.1"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    nationalist = 10
    reactionary = 30
    conservative = 20
    market_liberal = 5
    social_liberal = 5
    social_democrat = 10
    communist = 20
}

recruit_character = BLR_alexander_lukashenko
recruit_character = BLR_sergei_gaidukevich
recruit_character = BLR_vincuk_viacorka
recruit_character = BLR_paval_sieviaryniets
recruit_character = BLR_vladimir_novosiad
recruit_character = BLR_alyaksandr_kazulin
recruit_character = BLR_aleh_novikau
recruit_character = BLR_vladimir_alexandrovich
recruit_character = BLR_igor_karpenko
recruit_character = BLR_andrei_ravkov
recruit_character = BLR_oleg_belokonev
recruit_character = BLR_sergei_potapenko
recruit_character = BLR_igor_lotenkov
recruit_character = BLR_vitaly_kireyev
recruit_character = BLR_viktor_hrenin
recruit_character = BLR_ruslan_kosygin
recruit_character = BLR_andrei_zhuk
recruit_character = BLR_anatolyi_bulavko
recruit_character = BLR_andrei_fedin
recruit_character = BLR_oreh_vladimir
recruit_character = BLR_alexander_volfovich
recruit_character = BLR_valeriy_gnilozub
recruit_character = BLR_vladimir_kulazhin
recruit_character = BLR_alexander_gurin
recruit_character = BLR_igor_kuzmuk
recruit_character = BLR_vitaly_shkadrovich
recruit_character = BLR_vadim_denisenko
recruit_character = BLR_igor_danilchik
recruit_character = BLR_vyacheslav_starkov
recruit_character = BLR_dmitry_lukyanenko
recruit_character = BLR_oleg_dvigalev
recruit_character = BLR_sergei_trus
recruit_character = BLR_igor_golub
recruit_character = BLR_alexander_karev
recruit_character = BLR_valery_shevchenko
recruit_character = BLR_alexander_astrauh
recruit_character = BLR_alexander_panfyorov
recruit_character = BLR_igor_denikin
recruit_character = BLR_viktor_skobelev
recruit_character = BLR_viktor_chibisov
recruit_character = BLR_boris_berman
recruit_character = BLR_jozeph_ryzhykov
recruit_character = BLR_georgy_holostyakov
recruit_character = BLR_stepan_krasovsky
recruit_character = BLR_alexander_akulich
recruit_character = BLR_ivan_yakubovsky
recruit_character = BLR_piotr_kozlov
recruit_character = BLR_aleksei_antonov
recruit_character = BLR_ivan_pstygo
recruit_character = BLR_valentin_drozd
recruit_character = BLR_vasily_sokolovsky
recruit_character = BLR_maksim_antonyuk
recruit_character = BLR_fedor_dobysh

2016.1.1 = {
	oob = "BLR_2016"
}