capital = 279

oob = "CHL_2000"

set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 400
set_stability = 0.7

set_country_flag = country_language_spanish

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons = 1
	rail_integration_system = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tandem_charge_warheads = 1
	squad_automatic_weapon = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	body_armor2 = 1
	camouflage = 1
	special_forces = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	
	
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	
	gen1_mbt = 1
	gen2_mbt = 1
	gen3_mbt = 1
	gen3_light = 1
	gen1_ifv = 1
	gen1_apc = 1
	
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	antitank1 = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	destroyer1 = 1
	destroyer2 = 1
	submarine1 = 1
	submarine2 = 1
	destroyer_improved_engines = 1
	destroyer_advanced_engines = 1
	submarine_nuclear_reactor = 1
	cold_war_ship_design = 1
	
	gen2_attack = 1
	gen3_attack = 1
	gen2_multirole = 1
	gen3_multirole = 1
	gen4_multirole = 1
	gen2_mpa = 1
	gen3_mpa = 1
	gen4_mpa = 1
	gen3_bomber = 1
	modern_gen3_bomber = 1
	gen1_ucav = 1
	
	cold_war_engineering = 1
	radio = 1 
	radio_detection = 1
	modern_university_systems = 1
	internet = 1
	
	assembly_line = 1
	software1 = 1
	software2 = 1
	software3 = 1
	machine_tools1 = 1
	machine_tools2 = 1
	machine_tools3 = 1
	robotics1 = 1
	oil1 = 1
	oil2 = 1
	construction1 = 1
	manufacturing1 = 1
	excavation1 = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_steady
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = conservative
	last_election = "1997.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
    nationalist = 3
    reactionary = 3
    conservative = 40
    market_liberal = 6
    social_liberal = 3
    social_democrat = 5
    progressive = 10
    democratic_socialist = 10
    communist = 20
}

recruit_character = CHL_eduardo_frei_ruiztagle
recruit_character = CHL_ricardo_lagos
recruit_character = CHL_michelle_bachelet
recruit_character = CHL_maria_angelica_basualdo
recruit_character = CHL_guillermo_teillier
recruit_character = CHL_pablo_rodriguez_grez
recruit_character = CHL_iván_gonzález_lópez
recruit_character = CHL_ricardo_martínez_menanteau
recruit_character = CHL_guido_montini_gómez
recruit_character = CHL_humberto_oviedo_arriagada
recruit_character = CHL_jorge_robles_mella
recruit_character = CHL_Ángelo_hernández
recruit_character = CHL_ramón_oyarzún
recruit_character = CHL_rodrigo_urrutia_oyarzún
recruit_character = CHL_rodrigo_goicochea
recruit_character = CHL_javier_abarzúa
recruit_character = CHL_germán_moreno
recruit_character = CHL_luis_farías_gallardo
recruit_character = CHL_luis_chamorro_heilig
recruit_character = CHL_felipe_arancibia_clavel
recruit_character = CHL_luis_espinoza_arenas
recruit_character = CHL_jorge_peña_leiva
recruit_character = CHL_schafik_nazal_lázaro
recruit_character = CHL_miguel_alfonso_bellet
recruit_character = CHL_andrés_fuentealba_gómez
recruit_character = CHL_hernán_araya_santis
recruit_character = CHL_javier_iturriaga_del_campo
recruit_character = CHL_sergio_retamal
recruit_character = CHL_ernesto_tejos_méndez
recruit_character = CHL_fernando_san_cristóbal_schott
recruit_character = CHL_gustavo_núñez_kocher
recruit_character = CHL_enrique_larrañaga_martin
recruit_character = CHL_edmundo_gonzález_robles
recruit_character = CHL_emiliano_de_la_cruz
recruit_character = CHL_domingo_blanche
recruit_character = CHL_luis_blanche
recruit_character = CHL_pablo_blanco
recruit_character = CHL_esteban_rebolledo
recruit_character = CHL_emilio_figueroa




2006.3.11 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic_socialist
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
}

2016.1.1 = {
	oob = "CHL_2016"
	set_politics = {
		last_election = "2014.3.11"
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
}