capital = 111

oob = "FIN_2000"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "FIN_2000_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "FIN_2000_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 200
set_stability = 0.55

set_country_flag = country_language_finnish

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons = 1
	rail_integration_system = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tandem_charge_warheads = 1
	squad_automatic_weapon = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	body_armor2 = 1
	camouflage = 1
	special_forces = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	
	
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	
	gen1_mbt = 1
	gen2_mbt = 1
	gen3_mbt = 1
	gen3_light = 1
	gen1_ifv = 1
	gen1_apc = 1
	
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	antitank = 1 
 	antitank1 = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	corvette1 = 1
	corvette2 = 1
	frigate1 = 1
	frigate2 = 1
	destroyer1 = 1
	destroyer2 = 1



	submarine1 = 1
	submarine2 = 1
	destroyer_improved_engines = 1
	destroyer_advanced_engines = 1

	submarine_nuclear_reactor = 1
	cold_war_ship_design = 1
	
	gen2_attack = 1
	gen3_attack = 1
	gen2_multirole = 1
	gen3_multirole = 1
	gen4_multirole = 1
	gen2_mpa = 1
	gen3_mpa = 1
	gen4_mpa = 1
	gen3_bomber = 1
	modern_gen3_bomber = 1
	gen1_ucav = 1
	
	cold_war_engineering = 1
	radio = 1 
	radio_detection = 1
	modern_university_systems = 1
	internet = 1
	
	assembly_line = 1
	software1 = 1
	software2 = 1
	software3 = 1
	machine_tools1 = 1
	machine_tools2 = 1
	machine_tools3 = 1
	robotics1 = 1
	oil1 = 1
	oil2 = 1
	construction1 = 1
	manufacturing1 = 1
	excavation1 = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_stagnation
	free_trade
	idea_eu_member
	limited_conscription
	finnish_neutrality
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = social_democrat
	last_election = "1999.3.21"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    nationalist = 1
    reactionary = 1
    conservative = 4
    market_liberal = 21
    social_liberal = 27
    social_democrat = 27
    progressive = 7
    democratic_socialist = 11
    communist = 1
}

recruit_character = FIN_paavo_lipponen
recruit_character = FIN_juha_sipilä
recruit_character = FIN_esa_henrik_holappa
recruit_character = FIN_olavi_maenpaa
recruit_character = FIN_timo_soini
recruit_character = FIN_bjarne_kallis
recruit_character = FIN_sauli_niinisto
recruit_character = FIN_anneli_jaatteenmaki
recruit_character = FIN_satu_hassi
recruit_character = FIN_suvianne_siimesn
recruit_character = FIN_hannu_harju
recruit_character = FIN_seppo_toivonen
recruit_character = FIN_jarmo_lindberg
recruit_character = FIN_petri_hulkko
recruit_character = FIN_pekka_järvi
recruit_character = FIN_ahti_kurvinen
recruit_character = FIN_antti_lehtisalo
recruit_character = FIN_vesa_virtanen
recruit_character = FIN_jari_kallio
recruit_character = FIN_artopekka_nurminen
recruit_character = FIN_ali_mättölä
recruit_character = FIN_ilkka_laitinen
recruit_character = FIN_kim_jäämeri
recruit_character = FIN_kyösti_halonen
recruit_character = FIN_eero_pyötsiä
recruit_character = FIN_timo_kivinen
recruit_character = FIN_markku_myllykangas
recruit_character = FIN_pasi_velimäki
recruit_character = FIN_timo_kakkola
recruit_character = FIN_sampo_eskelinen
recruit_character = FIN_harri_ohraaho
recruit_character = FIN_kjell_törner
recruit_character = FIN_esa_pulkkinen
recruit_character = FIN_juha_rannikko
recruit_character = FIN_kari_takanen
recruit_character = FIN_veijo_teipalus
recruit_character = FIN_erkki_mikkola
recruit_character = FIN_juha_vauhkonen
recruit_character = FIN_timo_hirvonen
recruit_character = FIN_mikko_törni
recruit_character = FIN_erikki_marttinen

2002.1.1 = {
	add_ideas = the_euro
}

2015.1.1 = {
	
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Sari Essayah"
		picture = "Sari_Essayah.dds"
		ideology = christian_democrat
	}
		
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Alexander Stubb"
		picture = "Alexander_Stubb.dds"
		ideology = libertarian
	}
		
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Juha Sipila"
		picture = "Juha_Sipila.dds"
		ideology = moderate
	}
		
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Antti Rinne"
		picture = "Antti_Rinne.dds"
		ideology = social_democrat_ideology
	}
		
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Ville Niinisto"
		picture = "Ville_Niinisto.dds"
		ideology = progressive_ideology
	}
		
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Li Andersson"
		picture = "Li_Andersson.dds"
		ideology = democratic_socialist_ideology
	}
}

2016.1.1 = {

	oob = "FIN_2016"
	
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = social_liberal
		last_election = "2015.4.19"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	
	set_popularities = {
		reactionary = 16.9
		conservative = 4
		market_liberal = 18.5
		social_liberal = 27.3
		social_democrat = 16.1
		progressive = 9.6
		democratic_socialist = 7.4
		communist = 0.2
	}
}