capital = 291

oob = "IRQ_2000"

set_research_slots = 2
set_convoys = 100
set_stability = 0.3

set_country_flag = country_language_arabic
set_country_flag = country_language_kurdish

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons = 1
	rail_integration_system = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tandem_charge_warheads = 1
	squad_automatic_weapon = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	body_armor2 = 1
	camouflage = 1
	special_forces = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	motorized_rocket_unit = 1
	
	
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	
	gen1_mbt = 1
	gen2_mbt = 1
	gen3_light = 1
	gen1_ifv = 1
	gen1_apc = 1
	
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	antitank = 1 
 	antitank1 = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	destroyer1 = 1
	destroyer2 = 1
	corvette1 = 1
	corvette2 = 2
	submarine1 = 1
	submarine2 = 1
	destroyer_improved_engines = 1
	destroyer_advanced_engines = 1
	cold_war_ship_design = 1
	
	gen2_attack = 1
	gen3_attack = 1
	gen2_multirole = 1
	gen3_multirole = 1
	gen4_multirole = 1
	gen2_mpa = 1
	gen3_mpa = 1
	gen4_mpa = 1
	gen3_bomber = 1
	modern_gen3_bomber = 1
	gen1_ucav = 1
	
	cold_war_engineering = 1
	radio = 1 
	radio_detection = 1
	modern_university_systems = 1
	internet = 1
	
	assembly_line = 1
	software1 = 1
	software2 = 1
	software3 = 1
	machine_tools1 = 1
	machine_tools2 = 1
	machine_tools3 = 1
	robotics1 = 1
	oil1 = 1
	oil2 = 1
	construction1 = 1
	manufacturing1 = 1
	excavation1 = 1
}

set_country_flag = dominant_religion_islam
set_country_flag = sunni_islam

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_explosion
	arab_league_member
	extensive_conscription
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = nationalist
	last_election = "1997.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
    islamist = 20
    nationalist = 42
    reactionary = 18
    conservative = 10
    social_democrat = 2
    communist = 8
}

recruit_character = IRQ_saddam_hussein
recruit_character = IRQ_raad_i
recruit_character = IRQ_muqtada_alsadr
recruit_character = IRQ_ibrahim_aljaafari
recruit_character = IRQ_adnan_pachachi
recruit_character = IRQ_ahmed_chalabi
recruit_character = IRQ_naseer_alchaderchi
recruit_character = IRQ_ayad_allawi
recruit_character = IRQ_hamid_majid_mousa
recruit_character = IRQ_mohammad_baqir_alhakim
recruit_character = IRQ_yonadam_kanna
recruit_character = IRQ_izzat_ibrahim_aldouri
recruit_character = IRQ_othman_al_ghanimi
recruit_character = IRQ_babaker_zebari
recruit_character = IRQ_qassi_jassem_nazal
recruit_character = IRQ_abud_qanbar
recruit_character = IRQ_ali_hassan_almajid
recruit_character = IRQ_mutaa_al_khazraji
recruit_character = IRQ_ahmed_hashim
recruit_character = IRQ_othman_ali_farhood
recruit_character = IRQ_hamid_al_maliki
recruit_character = IRQ_abdel_wahal_al_saadi
recruit_character = IRQ_qassim_atta
recruit_character = IRQ_ali_ghaidan_majid
recruit_character = IRQ_fadhil_jalil_al_barwari
recruit_character = IRQ_nassir_al_hiti
recruit_character = IRQ_najm_abdullah_alsudani
recruit_character = IRQ_sultan_hashim
recruit_character = IRQ_sabah_al_fatlawi
recruit_character = IRQ_talib_shaghati
recruit_character = IRQ_saad_maan
recruit_character = IRQ_ali_hussain_ali
recruit_character = IRQ_muhammad_ibn_fuad

2004.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = conservative
		elections_allowed = yes
	}

    set_popularities = {
        islamist = 30
        nationalist = 15
        reactionary = 16
        conservative = 30
        market_liberal = 1
        social_democrat = 2
        communist = 6
    }

}

2003.8.30 = {	#Saddam is toppled
	add_stability = -0.1
    create_country_leader = {
        name = "Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri"
		ideology = autocrat
	    picture = "Portrait_Izzat_Ibrahim_al-Douri.dds"
    }
	create_country_leader = {
	    name = "Abdul Aziz al-Hakim"
	    ideology = islamic_authoritarian
	    picture = "Abdul_Aziz_al_Hakim.dds"
    }
	add_ideas = {
		islamic_sectarian_conflicts
	}
}

2006.5.20 = {
	create_country_leader = {
			name = "Nouri al-Maliki"
			picture = "Nouri_Maliki.dds"
			ideology = fiscal_conservative
	}
}

2009.1.1 = {
    create_country_leader = {
	    name = "Ammar al-Hakim"
	    ideology = islamic_authoritarian
	    picture = "Ammar_al_Hakim.dds"
    }
}

2016.5.1 = { oob = "IRQ_2016" }

2014.9.8 = {
    create_country_leader = {     #President Fuad Masum nominatines Haidar al-Abadi to replace Al-Maliki for constitutional violation
	    name = "Haider al-Abadi"
	    picture = "Haider_Abadi.dds"
	    ideology = fiscal_conservative
    }
}