capital = 455

oob = "JOR_2000"

set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 10
set_stability = 0.3	

set_country_flag = country_language_arabic

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons = 1
	rail_integration_system = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tandem_charge_warheads = 1
	squad_automatic_weapon = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	body_armor2 = 1
	camouflage = 1
	special_forces = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	
	
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	
	gen1_mbt = 1
	gen2_mbt = 1
	gen3_mbt = 1
	gen3_light = 1
	gen1_ifv = 1
	gen1_apc = 1
	
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	antitank1 = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	destroyer1 = 1
	destroyer2 = 1
	submarine1 = 1
	submarine2 = 1
	destroyer_improved_engines = 1
	destroyer_advanced_engines = 1
	submarine_nuclear_reactor = 1
	cold_war_ship_design = 1
	
	gen2_attack = 1
	gen3_attack = 1
	gen2_multirole = 1
	gen3_multirole = 1
	gen4_multirole = 1
	gen2_mpa = 1
	gen3_mpa = 1
	gen4_mpa = 1
	gen3_bomber = 1
	modern_gen3_bomber = 1
	gen1_ucav = 1
	
	cold_war_engineering = 1
	radio = 1 
	radio_detection = 1
	modern_university_systems = 1
	internet = 1
	
	assembly_line = 1
	software1 = 1
	software2 = 1
	software3 = 1
	machine_tools1 = 1
	machine_tools2 = 1
	machine_tools3 = 1
	robotics1 = 1
	oil1 = 1
	oil2 = 1
	construction1 = 1
	manufacturing1 = 1
	excavation1 = 1
}

give_military_access = USA

set_country_flag = dominant_religion_islam
set_country_flag = sunni_islam

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_rapid
	arab_league_member
	extensive_conscription
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = monarchist
	last_election = "1997.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
    islamist = 19
    nationalist = 1
    monarchist = 40
    reactionary = 2
    conservative = 18
    market_liberal = 2
    social_liberal = 2
    social_democrat = 2
    progressive = 2
    democratic_socialist = 2
    communist = 10
}

recruit_character = JOR_abdullah_ii
recruit_character = JOR_saeed_thyab
recruit_character = JOR_mazin_riyal
recruit_character = JOR_hamza_mansour
recruit_character = JOR_akram_alhomsi
recruit_character = JOR_faraj_altameezi
recruit_character = JOR_ahmed_alshunaq
recruit_character = JOR_fawaz_zoubi
recruit_character = JOR_hazem_qashou
recruit_character = JOR_saleh_ersheidat
recruit_character = JOR_rula_alhroob
recruit_character = JOR_emhamed_abu_khalil
recruit_character = JOR_abdul_hafiz_alkaabnehn
recruit_character = JOR_mohammed_yousef_al_malkawi
recruit_character = JOR_maashal_alzabin
recruit_character = JOR_mahmoud_abdel_halim_freihat
recruit_character = JOR_hussein_almajali
recruit_character = JOR_khaled_jamil_elsarayreh
recruit_character = JOR_khaled_alsharah
recruit_character = JOR_qasim_fadil_nahar

2016.1.1 = {
	oob = "JOR_2016"
}