capital = 12

oob = "LAT_2000"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "LAT_2000_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "LAT_2000_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 100
set_stability = 0.55

set_country_flag = country_language_latvian

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons = 1
	rail_integration_system = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tandem_charge_warheads = 1
	squad_automatic_weapon = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	body_armor2 = 1
	camouflage = 1
	special_forces = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	
	
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	
	gen1_mbt = 1
	gen2_mbt = 1
	gen3_mbt = 1
	gen3_light = 1
	gen1_ifv = 1
	gen1_apc = 1
	
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	antitank1 = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	corvette1 = 1
	corvette2 = 1
	frigate1 = 1
	frigate2 = 1
	destroyer1 = 1
	destroyer2 = 1



	submarine1 = 1
	submarine2 = 1
	destroyer_improved_engines = 1
	destroyer_advanced_engines = 1

	submarine_nuclear_reactor = 1
	cold_war_ship_design = 1
	
	gen2_attack = 1
	gen3_attack = 1
	gen2_multirole = 1
	gen3_multirole = 1
	gen4_multirole = 1
	gen2_mpa = 1
	gen3_mpa = 1
	gen4_mpa = 1
	gen3_bomber = 1
	modern_gen3_bomber = 1
	gen1_ucav = 1
	
	cold_war_engineering = 1
	radio = 1 
	radio_detection = 1
	modern_university_systems = 1
	internet = 1
	
	assembly_line = 1
	software1 = 1
	software2 = 1
	software3 = 1
	machine_tools1 = 1
	machine_tools2 = 1
	machine_tools3 = 1
	robotics1 = 1
	oil1 = 1
	oil2 = 1
	construction1 = 1
	manufacturing1 = 1
	excavation1 = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_decline
	limited_conscription
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = conservative
	last_election = "1997.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    nationalist = 3
    reactionary = 7
    conservative = 25
    social_liberal = 15
    social_democrat = 20
    progressive = 20
    democratic_socialist = 10
}

recruit_character = LAT_andris_Šķēle
recruit_character = LAT_māris_kučinskis
recruit_character = LAT_leonīds_kalniņš
recruit_character = LAT_juris_zeibārts
recruit_character = LAT_ilmārs_atis_lejiņš
recruit_character = LAT_ainārs_ozoliņš
recruit_character = LAT_normunds_aleksis
recruit_character = LAT_jānis_gailis
recruit_character = LAT_viktors_kareckis
recruit_character = LAT_gvido_brenneris
recruit_character = LAT_brigita_gulbe
recruit_character = LAT_raivis_melnis
recruit_character = LAT_juris_ušackis
recruit_character = LAT_armands_saltups
recruit_character = LAT_mārtiņš_liberts
recruit_character = LAT_ingus_vizulis
recruit_character = LAT_kaspars_zelčs
recruit_character = LAT_hermanis_Černovs
recruit_character = LAT_pauls_ozolins
recruit_character = LAT_krisjanis_meierovics
recruit_character = LAT_atis_kviesis
recruit_character = LAT_emils_ozolins
recruit_character = LAT_armands_abakovskis
recruit_character = LAT_eliass_kviesis
recruit_character = LAT_eduards_needra
recruit_character = LAT_oskars_matisons
recruit_character = LAT_brunis_simanis
recruit_character = LAT_roberts_berzin

2002.1.1 = { add_ideas = the_euro }

2004.1.1 = { add_ideas = idea_eu_member }

2016.1.1 = {

	oob = "LAT_2016"

	set_politics = {		
		ruling_party = progressive
		last_election = "2012.1.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}

    set_popularities = {
        nationalist = 5
        reactionary = 12
        conservative = 25
        market_liberal = 5
        social_liberal = 5
        social_democrat = 8
        progressive = 28
        democratic_socialist = 12
    }

}