capital = 96

oob = "LIT_2000"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "LIT_2000_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "LIT_2000_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 100
set_stability = 0.5

set_country_flag = country_language_lithuanian

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons = 1
	rail_integration_system = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tandem_charge_warheads = 1
	squad_automatic_weapon = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	body_armor2 = 1
	camouflage = 1
	special_forces = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	
	
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	
	gen1_mbt = 1
	gen2_mbt = 1
	gen3_mbt = 1
	gen3_light = 1
	gen1_ifv = 1
	gen1_apc = 1
	
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	antitank1 = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	corvette1 = 1
	corvette2 = 1
	frigate1 = 1
	frigate2 = 1
	destroyer1 = 1
	destroyer2 = 1



	submarine1 = 1
	submarine2 = 1
	destroyer_improved_engines = 1
	destroyer_advanced_engines = 1

	submarine_nuclear_reactor = 1
	cold_war_ship_design = 1
	
	gen2_attack = 1
	gen3_attack = 1
	gen2_multirole = 1
	gen3_multirole = 1
	gen4_multirole = 1
	gen2_mpa = 1
	gen3_mpa = 1
	gen4_mpa = 1
	gen3_bomber = 1
	modern_gen3_bomber = 1
	gen1_ucav = 1
	
	cold_war_engineering = 1
	radio = 1 
	radio_detection = 1
	modern_university_systems = 1
	internet = 1
	
	assembly_line = 1
	software1 = 1
	software2 = 1
	software3 = 1
	machine_tools1 = 1
	machine_tools2 = 1
	machine_tools3 = 1
	robotics1 = 1
	oil1 = 1
	oil2 = 1
	construction1 = 1
	manufacturing1 = 1
	excavation1 = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_decline
	limited_conscription
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = conservative
	last_election = "1996.10.20"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    nationalist = 5
    conservative = 12
    market_liberal = 2
    social_liberal = 19
    social_democrat = 23
    progressive = 5
    democratic_socialist = 27
    communist = 7
}

recruit_character = LIT_rolandas_paksas
recruit_character = LIT_artūras_paulauskas
recruit_character = LIT_algirdas_brazauskas
recruit_character = LIT_andrius_kubilius
recruit_character = LIT_rapolas_gediminas_sakalnikas
recruit_character = LIT_mindaugas_gervaldas
recruit_character = LIT_romualdas_ozolas
recruit_character = LIT_naglis_puteikis
recruit_character = LIT_ramunas_karbauskis
recruit_character = LIT_giedrius_petružis
recruit_character = LIT_paulius_gediminaitis
recruit_character = LIT_mykolas_rimša
recruit_character = LIT_jonas_vytautas_Žukas
recruit_character = LIT_arvydas_pocius
recruit_character = LIT_vitalijus_vaikšnoras
recruit_character = LIT_dainius_snarskis
recruit_character = LIT_valdemaras_rupšys
recruit_character = LIT_dalius_polekauskas
recruit_character = LIT_osvaldas_Žurauskas
recruit_character = LIT_vilmantas_tamošaitis
recruit_character = LIT_mindaugas_steponavičius
recruit_character = LIT_alvydas_Šiuparis
recruit_character = LIT_aušrius_buikus
recruit_character = LIT_tomas_masaitis
recruit_character = LIT_arturas_jasinskas
recruit_character = LIT_linas_kubilius
recruit_character = LIT_darius_masiulis
recruit_character = LIT_gintaras_bagdonas
recruit_character = LIT_ramūnas_baronas
recruit_character = LIT_danas_mockūnas
recruit_character = LIT_andriejus_grachauskas
recruit_character = LIT_gytis_kazokas
recruit_character = LIT_devis_martusevičius
recruit_character = LIT_nerijus_kačkaukas
recruit_character = LIT_audronis_navickas
recruit_character = LIT_alvydas_tamošiūnas
recruit_character = LIT_ovidijus_pilitauskas
recruit_character = LIT_arūnas_mockus
recruit_character = LIT_svajūnas_bandzevičius

2002.1.1 = {
	add_ideas = the_euro
}

2004.1.1 = { add_ideas = { idea_eu_member } }

2009.1.1 = {
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Edikas Jagelavičius"
		picture = "Edikas_Jagelavicius.dds"
		ideology = leninist
	}
}

2012.12.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = social_democrat
		last_election = "2012.11.6"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes}

    set_popularities = {
        nationalist = 3
        conservative = 23
        market_liberal = 6
        social_liberal = 21
        social_democrat = 27
        progressive = 5
        democratic_socialist = 10
        communist = 5
    }
}

2013.1.1 = {
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Loreta Graužinienė"
		picture = "Loreta_Grauziniene.dds"
		ideology = liberalist
	}
}

2015.1.1 = {
	create_corps_commander = {
		name = "Jonas Vytautas Žukas"
		picture = "generals/Jonas_Vytautas_Zukas.dds"
		skill = 1
	}
}

2015.4.17 = {

	oob = "LIT_2016"
	
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Gabrielius Landsbergis"
		picture = "Gabrielius_Landsbergis.dds"
		expire = "2050.1.1"
		ideology = christian_democrat
	}
}