capital = 106

oob = "MAC_2000"

set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 20
set_stability = 0.4

set_country_flag = country_language_macedonian

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons = 1
	rail_integration_system = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tandem_charge_warheads = 1
	squad_automatic_weapon = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	body_armor2 = 1
	camouflage = 1
	special_forces = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	
	
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	
	gen1_mbt = 1
	gen2_mbt = 1
	gen3_mbt = 1
	gen3_light = 1
	gen1_ifv = 1
	gen1_apc = 1
	
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	antitank1 = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1

	
	gen2_attack = 1
	gen3_attack = 1
	gen2_multirole = 1
	gen3_multirole = 1
	gen4_multirole = 1
	gen2_mpa = 1
	gen3_mpa = 1
	gen4_mpa = 1
	gen3_bomber = 1
	modern_gen3_bomber = 1
	gen1_ucav = 1
	
	cold_war_engineering = 1
	radio = 1 
	radio_detection = 1
	modern_university_systems = 1
	internet = 1
	
	assembly_line = 1
	software1 = 1
	software2 = 1
	software3 = 1
	machine_tools1 = 1
	machine_tools2 = 1
	machine_tools3 = 1
	robotics1 = 1
	oil1 = 1
	oil2 = 1
	construction1 = 1
	manufacturing1 = 1
	excavation1 = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_steady
	limited_conscription
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = social_liberal
	last_election = "1997.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    islamist = 1
    nationalist = 1
    reactionary = 2
    conservative = 25
    market_liberal = 6
    social_liberal = 35
    social_democrat = 10
    progressive = 10
    democratic_socialist = 10
}

recruit_character = MAC_boris_trajkovski
recruit_character = MAC_metodija_velichkovski
recruit_character = MAC_muhamet_islam_racaj
recruit_character = MAC_mirche_gjorgoski
recruit_character = MAC_ljupcho_stojkov
recruit_character = MAC_ferdo_pavlov
recruit_character = MAC_sasho_janev
recruit_character = MAC_zoran_jovanovski
recruit_character = MAC_zoran_ilov
recruit_character = MAC_toni_janevski
recruit_character = MAC_sasho_kocevski
recruit_character = MAC_zhivko_despotovski
recruit_character = MAC_dushko_nestorov
recruit_character = MAC_zoran_dodevski
recruit_character = MAC_zoran_mileski
recruit_character = MAC_pavle_arsoski
recruit_character = MAC_azim_nuredin
recruit_character = MAC_ljubencho_petrovski
recruit_character = MAC_orce_jordev
recruit_character = MAC_besnik_emini
recruit_character = MAC_zoran_filipovski
recruit_character = MAC_marjan_masevski
recruit_character = MAC_sasha_petrushevski
recruit_character = MAC_ivan_atanasovski
recruit_character = MAC_goran_kjirkovikj
recruit_character = MAC_marjan_simonovski
recruit_character = MAC_mile_donev
recruit_character = MAC_goran_petrushevski
recruit_character = MAC_boro_latkoski
recruit_character = MAC_ivica_cvetkovski
recruit_character = MAC_toni_zlatevski
recruit_character = MAC_vasil_mitevski
recruit_character = MAC_robert_malezanski
recruit_character = MAC_koca_blaznacac
recruit_character = MAC_miliutin_blaznacac
recruit_character = MAC_zoran_petrovic
recruit_character = MAC_zivojin_petrovic
recruit_character = MAC_ljubisa_karadjordjevic
recruit_character = MAC_milos_arandelovic
recruit_character = MAC_kosta_nedic
recruit_character = MAC_zoran_novak
recruit_character = MAC_dejan_sokolovic
recruit_character = MAC_miroslav_stepanovic
recruit_character = MAC_branko_stepanovic

2015.1.1 = {
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Gjorge Ivanov"
		ideology = liberalist
		picture = "Gjorge_Ivanov.dds"
	}
}
