capital = 541

oob = "NAM_2000"

set_research_slots = 2
set_convoys = 120
set_stability = 0.55

set_country_flag = country_language_english
set_country_flag = country_language_afrikaans

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons = 1
	rail_integration_system = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tandem_charge_warheads = 1
	squad_automatic_weapon = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	body_armor2 = 1
	camouflage = 1
	special_forces = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	
	
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	
	gen1_mbt = 1
	gen2_mbt = 1
	gen3_mbt = 1
	gen3_light = 1
	gen1_ifv = 1
	gen1_apc = 1
	
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	antitank1 = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	destroyer1 = 1
	destroyer2 = 1
	submarine1 = 1
	submarine2 = 1
	destroyer_improved_engines = 1
	destroyer_advanced_engines = 1
	submarine_nuclear_reactor = 1
	cold_war_ship_design = 1
	
	gen2_attack = 1
	gen3_attack = 1
	gen2_multirole = 1
	gen3_multirole = 1
	gen4_multirole = 1
	gen2_mpa = 1
	gen3_mpa = 1
	gen4_mpa = 1
	gen3_bomber = 1
	modern_gen3_bomber = 1
	gen1_ucav = 1
	
	cold_war_engineering = 1
	radio = 1 
	radio_detection = 1
	modern_university_systems = 1
	internet = 1
	
	assembly_line = 1
	software1 = 1
	software2 = 1
	software3 = 1
	machine_tools1 = 1
	machine_tools2 = 1
	machine_tools3 = 1
	robotics1 = 1
	oil1 = 1
	oil2 = 1
	construction1 = 1
	manufacturing1 = 1
	excavation1 = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_rapid
	african_union_member
	limited_conscription
	commonwealth_of_nations_member
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = social_democrat
	last_election = "1999.12.1"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    islamist = 0
    fascist = 0
    nationalist = 0
    reactionary = 0
    conservative = 10
    market_liberal = 0
    social_liberal = 3
    social_democrat = 76
    progressive = 0
    democratic_socialist = 10
    communist = 1
}

recruit_character = NAM_sam_nujoma
recruit_character = NAM_ben_ulenga
recruit_character = NAM_katuutire_kaura
recruit_character = NAM_chief_justus_garoeb
recruit_character = NAM_attie_beukes
recruit_character = NAM_epaphras_denga_ndaitwah
recruit_character = NAM_john_mutwa
recruit_character = NAM_martin_shally
recruit_character = NAM_nghilifavali_n._hamunyela
recruit_character = NAM_martin_pinehas
recruit_character = NAM_sabastian_ndeitunga
recruit_character = NAM_peter_vilho
recruit_character = NAM_piet_duquesne
recruit_character = NAM_paul_uys
recruit_character = NAM_racheltjie_de_wet
recruit_character = NAM_paul_de_beer
recruit_character = NAM_racheltjie_theron
recruit_character = NAM_paul_retief
recruit_character = NAM_dirkie_cilliers

2014.11.28 = {
	oob = "NAM_2016"
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = social_democrat
		last_election = "2014.11.28"
		election_frequency = 60
		elections_allowed = yes
	}

    set_popularities = {
        islamist = 0
        fascist = 0
        nationalist = 0
        reactionary = 0
        conservative = 5
        market_liberal = 0
        social_liberal = 5
        social_democrat = 81
        progressive = 5
        democratic_socialist = 1
        communist = 3
    }
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Hage Geingob"
		picture = "Hage_Geingob.dds"
		ideology = social_democrat_ideology
	}
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "McHenry Venaani"
		picture = "McHenry_Venaani.dds"
		ideology = fiscal_conservative
	}
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Hidipo Hamutenya"
		picture = "Hidipo_Hamutenya.dds"
		ideology = progressive_ideology
	}
}