capital = 110

oob = "NOR_2000"

set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 480
set_stability = 0.7

set_country_flag = country_language_norwegian

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons = 1
	rail_integration_system = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tandem_charge_warheads = 1
	squad_automatic_weapon = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	body_armor2 = 1
	camouflage = 1
	special_forces = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	
	gen1_mbt = 1
	gen2_mbt = 1
	gen3_mbt = 1
	gen3_light = 1
	gen1_ifv = 1
	gen1_apc = 1
	
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	antitank1 = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	destroyer1 = 1
	destroyer2 = 1
	submarine1 = 1
	submarine2 = 1
	destroyer_improved_engines = 1
	destroyer_advanced_engines = 1
	submarine_nuclear_reactor = 1
	cold_war_ship_design = 1
	
	gen2_attack = 1
	gen3_attack = 1
	gen2_multirole = 1
	gen3_multirole = 1
	gen4_multirole = 1
	
	gen2_mpa = 1
	gen3_mpa = 1
	gen4_mpa = 1
	gen3_bomber = 1
	modern_gen3_bomber = 1
	gen1_ucav = 1
	
	cold_war_engineering = 1
	radio = 1 
	radio_detection = 1
	modern_university_systems = 1
	internet = 1
	
	assembly_line = 1
	software1 = 1
	software2 = 1
	software3 = 1
	machine_tools1 = 1
	machine_tools2 = 1
	machine_tools3 = 1
	robotics1 = 1
	oil1 = 1
	oil2 = 1
	construction1 = 1
	manufacturing1 = 1
	excavation1 = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_decline
	free_trade
	limited_conscription
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = conservative 
	last_election = "1997.9.15"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    reactionary = 8
    conservative = 25
    market_liberal = 16
    social_liberal = 10
    social_democrat = 25
    progressive = 8
    democratic_socialist = 8
}

recruit_character = NOR_kjell_magne_bondevik
recruit_character = NOR_tore_tvedt
recruit_character = NOR_max_hermansen
recruit_character = NOR_harald_v
recruit_character = NOR_siv_jensen
recruit_character = NOR_jan_petersen
recruit_character = NOR_thorbjorn_jagland
recruit_character = NOR_kristin_halvorsen
recruit_character = NOR_turid_thomassen
recruit_character = NOR_haakon_bruunhanssen
recruit_character = NOR_erik_gustafsson
recruit_character = NOR_robert_mood
recruit_character = NOR_harald_sunde
recruit_character = NOR_anders_jernberg
recruit_character = NOR_arild_dregelid
recruit_character = NOR_eldar_berli
recruit_character = NOR_inge_kampenes
recruit_character = NOR_ivar_sakserud
recruit_character = NOR_jan_erik_thoresen
recruit_character = NOR_jan_frederik_geiner
recruit_character = NOR_jan_per_ole_janitz
recruit_character = NOR_jon_ivar_kjellin
recruit_character = NOR_kjell_grandhagen
recruit_character = NOR_kurt_pedersen
recruit_character = NOR_lars_christian_aamodt
recruit_character = NOR_morten_haga_lunde
recruit_character = NOR_nils_johan_holte
recruit_character = NOR_ingvar_seland
recruit_character = NOR_frode_kristoffersen
recruit_character = NOR_oddandreas_søbstad
recruit_character = NOR_odin_johannessen
recruit_character = NOR_ole_asbjørn_fauske
recruit_character = NOR_per_egil_rygg
recruit_character = NOR_petter_jansen
recruit_character = NOR_rolf_erik_bjerk
recruit_character = NOR_tor_rune_jakobsen
recruit_character = NOR_tom_guttormsen
recruit_character = NOR_tonje_skinnarland
recruit_character = NOR_tor_rune_raabye
recruit_character = NOR_yngve_odlo
recruit_character = NOR_janerik_haug
recruit_character = NOR_ivar_halset
recruit_character = NOR_aril_brandvik
recruit_character = NOR_ingrid_gjerde
recruit_character = NOR_ole_johan_skogmo
recruit_character = NOR_roy_helge_olsen
recruit_character = NOR_svein_harald_halvorsen
recruit_character = NOR_louise_kathrine_dedichen
recruit_character = NOR_jan_knudtzon_sommerfeltpetersen
recruit_character = NOR_ketil_olsen
recruit_character = NOR_lars_saunes
recruit_character = NOR_per_rostad
recruit_character = NOR_nils_andreas_stensønes
recruit_character = NOR_henning_amundsen
recruit_character = NOR_håkon_tronstad
recruit_character = NOR_trond_grytting
recruit_character = NOR_bernt_grimstvedt
recruit_character = NOR_sverre_nordahl_engeness
recruit_character = NOR_haakon_ræder
recruit_character = NOR_carl_vilberg
recruit_character = NOR_tryggve_eriksen

2016.1.1 = {
	oob = "NOR_2016"

	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = market_liberal 
		last_election = "2013.9.9"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}

    set_popularities = {
        reactionary = 8
        conservative = 16
        market_liberal = 25
        social_liberal = 10
        social_democrat = 25
        progressive = 8
        democratic_socialist = 8
    }

	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Erna Solberg"
		picture = "Erna_Solberg.dds"
		ideology = libertarian
	}
	
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Knut Arild Hareide"
		picture = "Knut_Arild_Hareide.dds"
		ideology = christian_democrat
	}
	
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Jonas Gahr Store"
		picture = "Jonas_Gahr_Store.dds"
		ideology = social_democrat_ideology
	}
	
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Audun Lysbakken"
		picture = "Audun_Lysbakken.dds"
		ideology = democratic_socialist_ideology      
	}
	
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Bjornar Moxnes"
		picture = "Bjornar_Moxnes.dds"
		ideology = marxist      
	}
}