capital = 440

oob = "PKS_2000"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "PKS_2000_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "PKS_2000_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_research_slots = 2
set_convoys = 320
set_stability = 0.15

set_country_flag = country_language_urdu
set_country_flag = country_language_dari
set_country_flag = country_language_pashto

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons = 1
	rail_integration_system = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tandem_charge_warheads = 1
	squad_automatic_weapon = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	body_armor2 = 1
	camouflage = 1
	special_forces = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	
	gen1_mbt = 1
	gen2_mbt = 1
	gen3_mbt = 1
	gen3_light = 1
	gen1_ifv = 1
	gen1_apc = 1
	
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	antitank = 1 
 	antitank1 = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	corvette1 = 1
	corvette2 = 2
	frigate1 = 1
	frigate2 = 2
	destroyer1 = 1
	destroyer2 = 1
	submarine1 = 1
	submarine2 = 1
	destroyer_improved_engines = 1
	destroyer_advanced_engines = 1
	cold_war_ship_design = 1
	
	gen2_attack = 1
	gen3_attack = 1
	gen2_multirole = 1
	gen3_multirole = 1
	gen4_multirole = 1
	gen2_mpa = 1
	gen3_mpa = 1
	gen4_mpa = 1
	gen3_bomber = 1
	modern_gen3_bomber = 1
	gen1_ucav = 1
	
	cold_war_engineering = 1
	radio = 1 
	radio_detection = 1
	modern_university_systems = 1
	internet = 1
	
	assembly_line = 1
	software1 = 1
	software2 = 1
	software3 = 1
	machine_tools1 = 1
	machine_tools2 = 1
	machine_tools3 = 1
	robotics1 = 1
	oil1 = 1
	oil2 = 1
	construction1 = 1
	manufacturing1 = 1
	excavation1 = 1
	
	atomic_research = 1
	nuclear_reactor = 1
	nukes = 1
}

give_military_access = USA

set_country_flag = dominant_religion_islam
set_country_flag = sunni_islam

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_rapid
	commonwealth_of_nations_member
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = islamist
	last_election = "1998.2.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    nationalist = 5
    reactionary = 20
    islamist = 45
    social_liberal = 10
    social_democrat = 6
    communist = 14
}

recruit_character = PAK_muhammad_rafiq_tarar
recruit_character = PAK_yakub_habeebuddin_tucy
recruit_character = PAK_fazlurrehman
recruit_character = PAK_pervez_musharraf
recruit_character = PAK_mir_hasil_khan_bizenjo
recruit_character = PAK_bilawal_bhutto_zardari
recruit_character = PAK_altaf_hussain
recruit_character = PAK_jameel_ahmad_malik
recruit_character = PAK_afrasiab_khattak
recruit_character = PAK_nawaz_sharif
recruit_character = PAK_imran_khan
recruit_character = PAK_ashfaq_parvez_kayani
recruit_character = PAK_zubair_mahmood_hayat
recruit_character = PAK_qamar_javed_bajwa
recruit_character = PAK_azhar_saleh_abbasi
recruit_character = PAK_raheel_sharif
recruit_character = PAK_muhammad_aziz_khan
recruit_character = PAK_muhammad_zafar_iqbal
recruit_character = PAK_ishfaq_nadeem_ahmad
recruit_character = PAK_sadiq_ali
recruit_character = PAK_ikram_ul_haq
recruit_character = PAK_zaheerulislam
recruit_character = PAK_shahid_baig_mirza
recruit_character = PAK_naveed_mukhtar
recruit_character = PAK_sher_afgun
recruit_character = PAK_athar_abbas
recruit_character = PAK_nazir_ahmed_butt
recruit_character = PAK_hidayat_ur_rehman
recruit_character = PAK_nauman_mahmood
recruit_character = PAK_aamer_riaz
recruit_character = PAK_muhammad_zahid_latif_mirza
recruit_character = PAK_khalid_rabbani
recruit_character = PAK_mian_muhammad_hilal_hussein
recruit_character = PAK_sohail_aman
recruit_character = PAK_umar_farooq_burki
recruit_character = PAK_muhammad_zakaullah
recruit_character = PAK_hasham_siddique
recruit_character = PAK_zafar_mahmood_abbasi
recruit_character = PAK_shah_sohail_masood
recruit_character = PAK_khaleem_shaukat
recruit_character = PAK_sajid_wazir_khan
recruit_character = PAK_mukhtar_khan
recruit_character = PAK_moazzam_ilyas
recruit_character = PAK_muhammad_amjad_khan_niazi


2013.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {		
		ruling_party = islamist
		last_election = "2013.5.11"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}

	set_popularities = {
		nationalist = 13
		reactionary = 20
		islamist = 39
		social_liberal = 10
		progressive = 18
	}
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Mamnoon Hussain"
		picture = "Mamnoon_Hussain.dds"
		ideology = islamic_republican
	}
}

2015.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		last_election = "2013.5.11"
		elections_allowed = yes
	}	
}