capital = 46

oob = "ROM_2000"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "ROM_2000_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "ROM_2000_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 300
set_stability = 0.3

set_country_flag = country_language_romanian

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons = 1
	rail_integration_system = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tandem_charge_warheads = 1
	squad_automatic_weapon = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	body_armor2 = 1
	camouflage = 1
	special_forces = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	
	
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	
	gen1_mbt = 1
	gen2_mbt = 1
	gen3_mbt = 1
	gen3_light = 1
	gen1_ifv = 1
	gen1_apc = 1
	
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	antitank1 = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	corvette1 = 1
	corvette2 = 1
	frigate1 = 1
	frigate2 = 1
	destroyer1 = 1
	destroyer2 = 1
	submarine1 = 1
	submarine2 = 1
	destroyer_improved_engines = 1
	destroyer_advanced_engines = 1
	submarine_nuclear_reactor = 1
	cold_war_ship_design = 1
	
	gen2_attack = 1
	gen3_attack = 1
	gen2_multirole = 1
	gen3_multirole = 1
	gen4_multirole = 1
	gen2_mpa = 1
	gen3_mpa = 1
	gen4_mpa = 1
	gen3_bomber = 1
	modern_gen3_bomber = 1
	gen1_ucav = 1
	
	cold_war_engineering = 1
	radio = 1 
	radio_detection = 1
	modern_university_systems = 1
	internet = 1
	
	assembly_line = 1
	software1 = 1
	software2 = 1
	software3 = 1
	machine_tools1 = 1
	machine_tools2 = 1
	machine_tools3 = 1
	robotics1 = 1
	oil1 = 1
	oil2 = 1
	construction1 = 1
	manufacturing1 = 1
	excavation1 = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_steady
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = social_liberal
	last_election = "1996.11.3"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    islamist = 0
    nationalist = 10
    reactionary = 0
    conservative = 20
    market_liberal = 0
    social_liberal = 30
    social_democrat = 35
    progressive = 0
    democratic_socialist = 0
    communist = 5
}

recruit_character = ROM_tudor_ionescu
recruit_character = ROM_emil_constantinescu
recruit_character = ROM_michael_i
recruit_character = ROM_ion_iliescu
recruit_character = ROM_petre_roman
recruit_character = ROM_corneliu_vadim_tudor
recruit_character = ROM_adrian_paunescu
recruit_character = ROM_traian_basescu
recruit_character = ROM_danut_pop
recruit_character = ROM_dan_diaconescu
recruit_character = ROM_scarlat_dmitru
recruit_character = ROM_nicolae_ciuca
recruit_character = ROM_botea_marian
recruit_character = ROM_petricalucian_foca
recruit_character = ROM_eugen_badalan
recruit_character = ROM_ioan_manci
recruit_character = ROM_gheorghe_marin
recruit_character = ROM_alexandru_mirsu
recruit_character = ROM_nicolae_ionel_ciucă
recruit_character = ROM_dumitru_scarlat
recruit_character = ROM_marius_harabagiu
recruit_character = ROM_marian_botea
recruit_character = ROM_mirceadan_Şuta
recruit_character = ROM_florinel_damian
recruit_character = ROM_tudorică_petrache
recruit_character = ROM_adrian_soci
recruit_character = ROM_virgilovidiu_pop
recruit_character = ROM_nicolae_tonu
recruit_character = ROM_ovidiu_ufaleanu
recruit_character = ROM_laurian_anastasof
recruit_character = ROM_daniel_capatina
recruit_character = ROM_valentin_iacoblev
recruit_character = ROM_bogdan_dumitrescu
recruit_character = ROM_auraşliviu_coman
recruit_character = ROM_marius_bogdan_mitric
recruit_character = ROM_vasile_savulescu
recruit_character = ROM_cornel_rogozan
recruit_character = ROM_valeriu_simionov
recruit_character = ROM_aurelian_popoiu
recruit_character = ROM_iulian_holban
recruit_character = ROM_valeriu_iancovescu

2007.1.1 = {
	add_ideas = {
		idea_eu_member
	}

	set_party_name = {
		ideology = conservative
		long_name = ROM_conservative_party_PDL_long
		name = ROM_conservative_party_PDL
	}
}

2012.12.9 = {
	oob = "ROM_2016"
	
	set_politics = {		
		ruling_party = market_liberal
		last_election = "2012.12.9"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}

    set_popularities = {
        islamist = 0
        nationalist = 0
        monarchist = 1
        reactionary = 3
        conservative = 2
        market_liberal = 25
        social_liberal = 20
        social_democrat = 35
        progressive = 1
        democratic_socialist = 8
        communist = 0
    }

	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Victor Ponta"
		picture = "Victor_Ponta.dds"
		ideology = social_democrat_ideology
	}

	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Vasile Blaga"
		picture = "Vasile_Blaga.dds"
		ideology = fiscal_conservative
	}

	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Crin Antonescu"
		picture = "Crin_Antonescu.dds"
		ideology = moderate
	}

	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Klaus Ioannis"
		picture = "Klaus_Ioannis.dds"
		ideology = libertarian
	}
}