capital = 275

oob = "SAF_2000"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "SAF_2000_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "SAF_2000_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 535
set_stability = 0.4

set_country_flag = country_language_afrikaans
set_country_flag = country_language_english
set_country_flag = country_language_southern_ndebele
set_country_flag = country_language_northern_sotho
set_country_flag = country_language_sotho
set_country_flag = country_language_swazi
set_country_flag = country_language_tsonga
set_country_flag = country_language_tswana
set_country_flag = country_language_venda
set_country_flag = country_language_xhosa
set_country_flag = country_language_zulu

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons = 1
	rail_integration_system = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tandem_charge_warheads = 1
	squad_automatic_weapon = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	body_armor2 = 1
	camouflage = 1
	special_forces = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	
	
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	
	gen1_mbt = 1
	gen2_mbt = 1
	gen3_mbt = 1
	gen3_light = 1
	gen1_ifv = 1
	gen1_apc = 1
	
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	antitank1 = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1


	submarine1 = 1
	submarine2 = 1
	cold_war_ship_design = 1
	
	gen2_attack = 1
	gen3_attack = 1
	gen2_multirole = 1
	gen3_multirole = 1
	gen4_multirole = 1
	
	gen2_mpa = 1
	gen3_mpa = 1
	gen4_mpa = 1
	
	cold_war_engineering = 1
	radio = 1 
	radio_detection = 1
	modern_university_systems = 1
	internet = 1
	
	assembly_line = 1
	software1 = 1
	software2 = 1
	software3 = 1
	machine_tools1 = 1
	machine_tools2 = 1
	machine_tools3 = 1
	robotics1 = 1
	oil1 = 1
	oil2 = 1
	construction1 = 1
	manufacturing1 = 1
	excavation1 = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_steady
	african_union_member
	commonwealth_of_nations_member
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = social_democrat
	last_election = "1999.6.2"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    islamist = 0
    nationalist = 0
    reactionary = 5
    conservative = 5
    market_liberal = 9
    social_liberal = 15
    social_democrat = 65
    progressive = 0
    democratic_socialist = 1
    communist = 0
}

recruit_character = SAF_thabo_mbeki
recruit_character = SAF_tony_leon
recruit_character = SAF_mangosuthu_buthelezi
recruit_character = SAF_kenneth_meshoe
recruit_character = SAF_pieter_mulder
recruit_character = SAF_luthando_mbinda
recruit_character = SAF_judy_sole
recruit_character = SAF_lybon_masapa
recruit_character = SAF_wasfie_hassiem
recruit_character = SAF_lindile_yam
recruit_character = SAF_gerhard_kamffer
recruit_character = SAF_godfrey_ngwenya
recruit_character = SAF_solly_shoke
recruit_character = SAF_lawrence_smith
recruit_character = SAF_andre_retief
recruit_character = SAF_willis_nkosi
recruit_character = SAF_rudzani_maphwanya
recruit_character = SAF_samuel_hlongwane
recruit_character = SAF_bubele_mhlana
recruit_character = SAF_hanno_teuteberg
recruit_character = SAF_siener_de_la_rey
recruit_character = SAF_joubert_duquesne
recruit_character = SAF_siener_van_rensburg

2008.1.1 = {
	set_party_name = {
		ideology = progressive
		long_name = SAF_progressive_party_COPE_long
		name = SAF_progressive_party_COPE
	}
}

2013.1.1 = {
	set_party_name = {
		ideology = communist
		long_name = SAF_communist_party_EFF_long
		name = SAF_communist_party_EFF
	}
}

2014.5.7 = {
	oob = "SAF_2016"
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = social_democrat
		last_election = "2014.5.7"
		election_frequency = 60
		elections_allowed = yes
	}

    set_popularities = {
        islamist = 0
        nationalist = 0
        reactionary = 2
        conservative = 1
        market_liberal = 3
        social_liberal = 25
        social_democrat = 60
        progressive = 1
        democratic_socialist = 1
        communist = 7
    }
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Jacob Zuma"
		picture = "Jacob_Zuma.dds"
		ideology = social_democrat_ideology
	}
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Helen Zille"
		picture = "Helen_Zille.dds"
		ideology = liberalist
	}
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Julius Malema"
		picture = "Julius_Malema.dds"
		ideology = marxist
	}
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Mosiuoa_Lekota"
		picture = "Mosiuoa_Lekota.dds"
		ideology = progressive_ideology
	}
}